The bar is set up in a large center ring to a larger round building.  The bar sat upon a spinning platform with the barstools mounted to the platform with a walkway of 3 feet deep.  The barstools completely encircled the bar, save two seats for the bartenders entrance.  Outside of the spinning central bar, the floor was stationary and smooth.  The outer ring is used for a roller rink, the tables are set against the wall each with three chairs.  The heavy draped cloth, blowing invisibly in the depths of the ceiling.  The walls of the building are white like a tent with long ribs of girders running to a point. The walls are deceiving looking soft to the touch, upon inspection they yield not.  Doors are set on either side, exits signs glowing overhead, between the signs another door leads to the restrooms, skate rental, and the maintenance crew room. The bathrooms have shower stalls, toilets, and urinals in the men’s room.  The smoke in the air mingled with the sound waves and light twirling about in kaleidoscopic ways.  The bar stools are taut red polished leather, silver rings encircle its base.  Each stool this night held one poor soul, the lot of them hung over the bar, each of their faces buried in their escape of choice.  One seat opens next to a man.  Anika Marzina gathers her things and walks away with a tear in her eye.  Brent swings his head heavily to watch her leave.  His shoulders drop and a heavy sigh blows from his lungs, his head swings back to look at his beer.  Anika walks along the moving bar, she pauses at a man sitting at the bar.  Her lips mouth words unreadable from afar.  Zeleny Bodgana gathers his things, throws some money on the bar and turns to look at Anika.  She says something to him and they step off the rotating bar.  The pair walk towards the door with roller skaters wheeling past them and around them.  The number of people seemed to increase in a sudden rush.  Zeleny and Anika are  swept into a large group of people.  Agent Brent Monroe has been watching the two depart, unmoved at the sudden increase of people.  As soon as they appeared the people dissipated and between the remaining roller skaters the man’s form slumped to the floor.  Anika dropped to the floor grasping at Zeleny.  Their words lost in the sounds of chatter and chaos, the music blaring loud.  Anika stands and in an instant her form drops upon Zeleny’s, lifeless and limp.  No shot rings out, no human cries.  Brent stands slowly, his coat part way on, he slides his arm through the sleeve and reaches for his pocket.  He pulls a few bills and throws them on the bar.  Returning his money to his pocket he then lights a cigarette.  Brent steps from the rotating platform and continues to the couples’ bodies.  He reaches them shortly and rolls Anika from Zeleny, his hands roaming her sides, down her legs, and up the insides.  He feels the bulge inside her left thigh, with a knife he slices her leg open.  From the leg he pulls an aluminum canister, blood dripping to the floor the man wipes the canister on her body.  He then searches the bodies, pocketing the needed items.  All around him the skaters fly by, no one looking at the bodies.  A wallet from each, both watches, necklaces, guns, rings, the man has an envelope sealed as of old, with a wax seal and insignia stamped into the wax, and a small optical disc.  Brent’s jacket now weighed down, he stands and walks to the doors.  At a table near the doors a man is rising to his feet, his leather jacket sliding onto his form.  He retrieves his keys from the table and turns as Brent approaches.  Brent hands the aluminum canister to the man in the leather coat.  The canister disappears into the man’s leather jacket.  Both men walk to the door side by side. One man opens the door for both and they step through.  
Outside the building it is a dark and starless night.  The street is lined with cars but no traffic.  The men turn to the left and walk north down the street.  They pass the typical melee of various cars all blending together.  Walking for a few hundred feet the men reach the corner and a black SUV glides to a stop.  The doors open and the men climb into the awaiting vehicle.  
*	*	*
The silver metal table sat in the middle of a bare walled room.  The dingy walls were coated thick with cigarette smoke caked on from years of interrogations and long hours spent “urging” confessions.  Rue threw the file down in the middle of the table and a duffel bag on the ground at the corner of the table.  Sitting in a chair at the table with arms and legs chained together to the chair was Ivan Kissinger.  Rue looked closely at the man chained in front of him.  “25 years is a long time not to see a person.  Many many things happen in that time.  I for instance am now in the FBI, if you didn’t already guess that.  I have made something of myself, and clearly, you have not.”  Rue sat on the corner of the table, his weight causing the table to creak and groan under the pressure.  “So, Ivan, Ivan Kissinger, what are you going to tell me voluntarily, and what am I going to have to beat out of you?”  Rue reached into the duffel bag he had dropped by the table and brought out a billy club.  Ivan looked at Rue and laughed.  “What?  Not good enough?  I have more, don’t worry your little head about that.”  Rue set the billy club on the table and continued to empty the contents of the bag onto the table one item at a time.  Device after device came from the depths of the duffel, with one receiving a rection from Ivan. “What’s wrong Ivan?  Don’t like electricity?  Can’t handle a little zap can you?  Interesting weapon the tazer.  There are places on the body that if hit with a tazer, can kill a person instantly.  I guess it stops the heart in mid beat.”  Rue said with a shrug.  “I have always meant to try those spots out on people but no one wants to let me test it on them.  I can’t understand why.”  Rue smiled devilishly at Ivan who shook noticeably even though being chained to the chair.  The tazer sizzled and popped inches from his face, sweat dripping from his nose, Ivan looked at Rue, “Please, no. Don’t. Wh… Whadya wanna know?”  “Good, now we’re getting somewhere.”  Rue stepped back from Ivan and sat back on the edge of the table.  “Ok, so tell me who has the toxin.”  “Someone in your government.”  “Really…”  Rue questioned, “who might that be?”  “CIA I think.  Didn’t find out much, they said they were with the government, I saw their badges and all that.”  “So what were they wanting the toxin for?  Make some super weapon?”  “I know nothing.  You want answers, go to them.  Ask CIA these questions.”  “Alright Ivan, Here is your chance for some form of life, who has the anti-toxin?”  The tazer sat on the table in front of Ivan, his eyes darted from it to Rue, and back.  “Uhh… uhm… uhh,” his hands grasped the arms of the chair.  “Yeah.  Well, uhm, shit.  It’s Anika.”  His head dropped with his chin on his chest, Rue stood and patted Ivan on the shoulder.  “Thanks.”   Rue walked out of the room and walked to his office.  Along the way Rue passed the office of his boss, Patrick.  The door was open and Patrick caught Rue’s movement from the corner of his eye.  “Rue!” Patrick called, “Get in here.”  Rue turned on his heel and walked into the office.  He stepped in the doorway and the man started talking.  “Rue, that was a good job with the Russian this morning.  Got to catch a little bit of it, you looked good in there.  A natural interrogator by the looks of things.  We may have a spot for you in that department if you wanted to consider.”  Patrick was looking at Rue, his smile warm and cheerful on his broad face topping an equally large frame.  “Thank you sir.  I’m not sure about a change of scenery at the moment, I am pretty happy where I am.”  “Well you think about it and let me know.  If so we will need to get you training.  So think about it and get back to me within a week.”  “Yes sir.  Is that all sir?”  “Yeah, I’ll talk to you later.”  “Thank you sir.”  Rue turned and walked towards his office.  Midway down the hall a door opened in front of Rue, a woman stepped into the hallway.  Her face was already imprinted firmly within his mind after hours spent staring at the picture in her file.  The woman turns and walks away from Rue, her hair falling down her back swayed as she walked.  Rue stopped at his office door nearly at the end of the hallway, he glances at the woman and opens the door to his office.  He plops down in his chair and sighs heavily.  His thoughts turning to Anika and her man Zeleny, Rue stared out the window at the buildings surrounding.  A gentle knock came through the door.  Rue called, “Come in.”  The door opened slowly and in walked the woman Rue had been after.  “Hello Mr. Mount.”  “Please call me Rue. What can I do for you?”  “Well I heard that you wanted to talk to me.  I would assume this is about Zeleny?  What’d he do this time?”   “You’ve been with Zeleny for how long ma’am?”  “Please call me Carol; I’ve been gone from him for a month now.  And a month that has dragged by.  Everything with him had such vibrance, such truth, such passion. I really do miss him.”  Rue had stood up upon her entering his office.  As she spoke he walked around his desk and offered her a chair which she excepted gracefully.  “Thank you.”  She arranged herself in the chair and waited for Rue to get to his seat before starting again.  “So what’s this about?”  She asked.  “We have had you under surveillance lately due to your involvement with Zeleny.  He has been of concern to us for sometime now.  We have been made aware of the fact that Zeleny and yourself are no longer together, which is why we are speaking today.”  Carol nodded her head in understanding.  “So what we need now is any information that you could give us regarding any plans that Zeleny has made.  We need to know anything, no matter how small the detail, if you can remember any of the conversations you two had.”  Carol put her head down and sat for a minute looking at her purse.  “I heard many things he talked about, I just didn’t understand most of what he said to other people.  His Russian is flawless, but his American is really rough.  I don’t know but a few words in Russian, so I never understood what he told the brothers.”  Rue looked up from his desk suddenly.  “Brothers?  Which brothers?”  Carol looked at Rue, “Tesar and Praza, they are Zeleny’s best friends.”  “While you were with Zeleny, did he ever have in his possession a small canister, about three inches wide by four inches tall cylindrical shaped, and silver colored?”  “I do remember seeing something that looked like that.  It was a couple weeks before we stopped seeing each other.  We were going to a restaurant for dinner, along the way he stopped at a house in some sub-division.  A man came out of the house and handed Zeleny the canister you spoke of.  I am unsure as to what is was, but Zeleny handled it very carefully.”  “Do you know who the man was?  What did Zeleny do with the canister?”  Carol looked around the room, beginning to feel slightly uncomfortable.  “It’s ok, Carol, you don’t have to worry about anything.   You are safe here.  Please answer the questions if you can.”  “Alright.”  Carol shifted in her chair, her keys jingling on her purse.  “The man is the owner of the bar, The Brink, Mishenka is his name.  Zeleny seemed to be good friends with Mishenka, they talked very casually all the time.”  Rue was studiously making notes of everything Carol said, not stopping until she paused for a long moment.  “Is that all?”  Rue looked at Carol whose face had become very distant.  “No.  There is something there in my mind, I can’t quite remember it.  I think it was the canister, yes, it’s in Zeleny’s apartment the last I saw.  We got back to his place and he took the canister to the heater.  Below the heater, along the floorboards, he pulled a board loose from the wall and set the canister in the cubbyhole.  I remember him putting the board back and slotting a nail in place.  That was the last time I saw the canister.”  “Is that all you remember?”   “The brothers were at his Zeleny’s place a lot.  I can remember once when Tesar and Zeleny were talking in Russian and Zeleny pointed to the baseboard where the canister was held.  I don’t know what they were saying but they both looked at the spot the canister was hidden. I don’t think there’s anything else.”  Rue continued writing on his notepad for a few moments longer then set his pen down.  He looked directly at Carol, “You’re sure that’s everything you know about the canister?”  “Yeah, that’s all I can think of at the moment.”  “So you are telling me then that Mishenka Seriozha, the owner of The Brink, had possession of the canister, then handed possession over to Zeleny?”  “That’s correct.”  “Does Zeleny frequent The Brink?”  “Yeah, he goes there all the time with Tesar and Praza.  They know the bartenders pretty well.”  “Well, that seems to be the bulk of the questions I have for you.  One more thought though, what do you think Zeleny would do  tou you if he knew you were here talking to me?”  “Truthfully, I’m not sure what he would do.  I don’t care anyhow.”  “Thank you Mrs. Siverson. If we have anymore questions, we will call you.”  Carol rose from her seat and put her coat on and grabbed her purse.  “Thank you Mr. Mount.”  “No problem.  Have a nice day.”  Rue stood and walked to the door where he held it open for Carol.  “Have a nice day.”  Rue watched Carol as she walked through the door and down the hallway.  He closed the door and went back to his desk.  Sitting down he began reading the notes he had taken during the interview with Carol.  One key point stood out above all others, is the canister still in the place Zeleny put it?  Rue picked up his telephone and dialed the three digit number for Jim, his immediate supervisor.  Jim picked up the phone, “Hello?  This is Jim Flannagan.”  “Jim, it’s Rue.  I just talked with Carol Siverson and we have a possible location of the canister.  Zeleny Bodgana is in possession of said item.”  “Good work Rue, where did she say it was?”  “It appears to still be in his home.  Are we cleared for a search warrant?”  “We need to be cautious with this one, that canister is deadly enough to kill the entire city.  We need it retrieved clean and clear with no risks.”  “Sir, that’ll be the easy part.  The hard part now is obtaining the anti-nerve agent.  From our intelligence, it appears that one Anika Marzina is in possession of the substance.  As of now, we are unsure of her location.”  “Alright, set a team up and go get that canister.  We need that canister in our possession as soon as possible.”  “Understood sir.  We will have the canister shortly.”  “Good Rue.  Call me when you’ve returned, I have something I need you to take care of personally.”  “Yes sir.”  Rue hung up the phone and looked at his notes once again.  Something about the whole situation was not sitting right with Rue.  He poured over his notes for a few minutes longer, scratching his head as to the missing point.  For over a month he has tracked down leads and followed people of interest who had any contact with Anika and Zeleny.  Coral was the last person he needed to interview, the only people left were Anika and Zeleny.  Rue stood up from his desk and put his coat on.  He walked to the door and opened it, turning the lights out as he closed the door.  He walked down the hallway to the elevators, pushed the button, and waited for the elevator doors to open.  Patrick opened the door to his office and stepped into the hallway.  He turned and walked away from Rue, stopping and knocking at a door at the other end of the hallway.  He stood for a moment at the door then opened it and went inside.  Rue thought nothing of the event and as he stood looking down the hall, the elevator doors opened up.  The elevator was filled with people going to lunch.  Rue stepped into the elevator and squeezed himself to one wall.  The mass of bodies in the small space made the air stuffy and stale.  The elevator stopped at 2 other floors before reaching the ground floor.  The doors opened and bodies poured out of the elevator, scattering to the various doors leading to the street.  Rue waited for everyone else to leave the elevator before he stepped out.  The ground floor was setup to much like a hotel lobby for Rue’s liking.  It had the gold accents around the lights and paintings, the floor was a heavy grey marble that reflected light like a calm lake in morning.  The doors opened to two other elevators before Rue could get out of the elevator hallway.  The stampede of feet, huffing nostrils, and growling stomachs all pushed and shoved their way free of the group of people rushing for the street.  Rue jumped from the pack of wild people and landed near the help desk.  “Can I help you sir?”  The girl at the desk asked Rue.  “No thanks.  I just need to stand for a moment and let the chaos die down a bit.”  “Alright sir.  Feel free.”  The receptionist turned and answered the ringing phone.  Rue looked at the elevator doors, then at the exit of the building.  The rush of people seemed to be over for the moment so he again walked towards the exit doors.  “Mr. Mount.  Rue.”  Rue turned to see who had called his name to see a woman jogging towards him waving her arm to ensure catching his attention.  “Rue, please wait up.”  Carol slowed her jog to a walk and took the last few steps to Rue’s side.  “What’s up Carol?”  “I just wanted to ask you, what are you doing this afternoon or this evening?”  She looked at Rue breathing heavily while they continued to walk towards the exit.  “I have some work to take care of later this afternoon and I am heading to take care of a few things right now.  Why what’s up?”  “Well, I just wanted maybe se if, I don’t know, if kaybe you would go have a drink with me?”  Her look conveyed her inner desire to be in his presence and he noted it internally.  “Maybe, where would you want to go?  I don’t go out that much so I’m a bit unfamiliar with the night scene.”  “There is this bar that I was introduced to that is totally wild.  It’s this roller skating rink with a bar in the middle, but the bar rotates.  It just spins in circles all night long.  I got so fuckin’ drunk there that I couldn’t get off the rotating bar to walk to my car.”  Coral was chuckling to herself at the remembrance of the night.  “Sounds like a place I went to when I was a kid.  It was named something other than The Brink though.”  Rue continued walking, his eyes distant as he remembered long lost images of a childhood forgotten.  They reached the exit and Rue opened the door for Coral who walked through, “Thanks.”  Rue walked through the door and let it close behind him, Carol waited for him on the sidewalk.  “So, I have to get going, things to take care of, and I’m supposed to be there,” Rue looks at his watch, “Shit. Fifteen minutes ago.  I have to go.  You have my card right?”  “Yeah, I have it.”  “Call my cell phone about six tonight and we’ll try to hook up.  I’ll talk to you later.”  Rue didn’t even wait for her reply as he turned and hastily walked to the parking garage.  He turned and looked back over his shoulder to see where Coral was, and she stood right there where he left he trying to hail a cab.  He rounded the corner into the parking garage and walked to the second level and up to his car.  He pulled his keys from his pocket and hit the button on his car alarm to disengage the alarm.  He walked to the car and got inside.  Rue put his phone, coat and other items into the passenger seat and started the car.  As he began to back out of the parking spot his cell phone rang.  He stopped the car and picked his phone up to look at the caller id.  “Patrick” scrolled across the screen of the phone as he pressed a button to silence the ring which caused the phone to vibrate with each ring.  “Shit, I really don’t want to talk to him.  He’s probably gonna ask me some stupid questions about the case, ones that he could just as easily look up on his computer.”  Rue’s thoughts helped him procrastinate long enough that his voice mail picked up and the phone stopped vibrating.  Rue backed out of the parking spot and drove out of the parking garage.  He turned onto the street and drove towards a restaurant that he frequented often.  The stop lights were not on his side today, he hit every red light for twelve blocks straight.  Finally the traffic cleared and he got green lights on the rest of the lights until he got to Happy Hunan.  Rue pulled into the parking lot and parked his car.  He got out and leaned back into the car to get his attaché case.  He stood and closed the door.  As he walked away he locked it with the remote.  The Happy Hunan was stated by a couple from Korea when they bought the building after a Carl’s Junior went belly up.  He walked up to the building and opened the door.  The restaurant looked exactly the same as the Carl’s Junior, the owner’s opting to leave the traditional plastic booths and mounted to the floor plastic chairs.  The counter looked very similar as well.  Ordering was setup the same, no sitting at the table and having a waitress, this is a faster food restaurant.  The main difference being the menu which now read in English and Korean, and consisted of traditional Americanized dishes.  Rue waited in line behind three groups of two people.  The one order taker did her best to understand the American English words that flew at her as fast as possible.  He got to the counter and first looked at the girls name tag which read, “Moon”, and was pinned above her right breast.  “What would you like?”  Moon asked, putting her hands on the machine in front of her, ready to punch the order into the computer.  “I’ll have some Koatgaetang, the crab stew stuff there, and I’ll have Kimchi Bokkum bap, the Kimchi Fried Rice.   Can I have a large drink and some crab poppers.”  Rue reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet.  Moon continued to tally his order and finally said, “That’ll be twelve dollars and sixty five cents.”  Rue hands her a ten and a five which she puts into the till and pulls out his change.  “Here is two dollars and thirty five cents your change.  Your order number is sixty three.  Here is your cup.”  “Thank you.”  Rue walked to the fountain drink dispenser and plopped his cup under the raspberry iced tea.  He pushed the button to fill the cup and as it filled the bubbles popped and threw a tiny spray out of the cup.  “Number fifty nine!” Cup filled he walks to a both by the window and sets his case on the table with his drink next to it.  He sits down and pulls the case file from his attaché.  The thick file is heavy and thunks onto the table.  Page by page he browses through the file, stopping to read certain parts for the tenth time, until he finds some information worth following up on.  “Number sixty!”  Rue turns the page and there is a photograph that he had not seen before.  The photo showed Anika talking to a man in a black suit while standing next to a black SUV.  Rue held the picture up in front of him for a good long while.  He kept staring at the man in the suit.  Somehow he felt he knew the man, or at least had seen him on occasion.  “Number sixty three!”  Upon hearing his order number called he puts the picture down and lays his attaché on top of the papers and file.  He gets up and walks to the counter and right back to his seat.  He moves the attaché case and expecting to find the photo, he finds only the other papers that belong in the file.  There were nine other people in the restaurant with none of them close enough to reach his table, take the photo, run back to their table, and hide the photo without Rue seeing somehow.  Rue placed his food on the table and moved the pile of papers and attaché onto the seat next to him.  As he ate he continued pondering the picture and the man talking to Anika.  Even more important is what nationality is he.  He looks to much like an American and Rue found that disturbing.  “What is this country up to with this?  Do they really want this nerve agent that bad?  What’s to stop Zeleny from releasing it into the water supply and killing the majority of the city.  Four million people could go in a matter of days.”  Rue shook himself to try to shake the image from his mind.  Finishing his meal he pushed his tray away to the side and pulled the file back up onto the table.  Reports on everything from her criminal history detailed excessively to the last man she slept with to where her mother is at any given time filled the hanging file folder it was all in.  Rue closed the file and put it into his case.  HE stood from the table, carried his tray to the garbage and emptied it.  He walked out the door to his car, unlocking it on his way, and noticed the vast mob of people who were filing down the street past the restaurant on a march for something.  Rue dropped his belongings on the passenger seat, closed the door, and as he walked away locked the doors.  He walked to the side walk and tried to get s marcher’s attention.  “Excuse me.  Excuse me.  What’s this all about?”  Rue suddenly felt a little bit silly and self conscious about yelling out his question.  A person who had walked up the sidewalk and stopped when he heard Rue yelling.  As rue stepped back from the street onto the sidewalk he heard a voice, “This is a march.”  Startled Rue replies, “I can see that, but what’s it about, what are they marching for?”  “We’re marching to try and end the corporate takeovers of the small companies, the small farms, the companies not worth more than twenty million dollars.  Pretty soon you’re gonna look around you and notice that every product you buy, every food product you eat, will all be grown, made, or produced by five or six companies.  Do you want that to happen man?”  “Well, thank you for the insightful answer, but I have to get going.  I just stopped to see what was going on and to see if I’ll be able to drive out soon.”   Rue looked down the street to where the protesters had come from and it looked as though the number of people was diminishing very rapidly.  Rue unlocked his car from where he stood by the street. As he walked back to his car a chill wind blew out of the north.  Rue shivered his way to his car and got in quickly.  He turned the car on and cranked the heater to max. He sat for a few minutes listening to some new rock band’s song on the radio.  Looking out the passenger side window, Rue could see the last of the protesters meandering their way along the street.  HE put the car in reverse and back up, then into drive and pulled out of the parking lot.  He stopped at the edge of the street and looked to his left to see the mob of people pushing down the street towards downtown.  Rue turned the car right onto the street and drove to the corner and turned right.  He knew the city well so the protesters would not be to much trouble to get around and back to his office.  He pulled to the next corner, stopped and turned right, accelerating down the street.  The lights stayed green for all but two and when Rue pulled into the parking garage a spot was open closer to the ramp than usual. He parked in the open spot, grabbed his things and got out of the car.  He walked down the ramp and locked his car as he walked.  Turning left out of the garage Rue walked to the entrance of his building.  He stopped at the door and took a deep breath.  The door open and him walking through, his heart continued to pound hard deep within his chest.  “Why am I so nervous whenever I come into this damned building anyhow?  This is pretty annoying getting all scared of the building.”  Rue’s thoughts calmed him slightly to where his outward appearance did not mimic his inside condition.  He walked across the floor, through the open floor plan to the elevators where he stands after pushing the button.  After what seems like an eternity the elevator finally opened up.  People filed out of the elevator and Rue got on.  Four other people got into the elevator, each with a different floor than Rue’s.  The tall man went to twelve, the older woman went to twenty six, the slight Asian man was going to the fortieth floor.  The elevator climbed the many stories  to drop each person off.  After what felt an eternity, the elevator opened its doors on Rue’s floor.  He stepped from the elevator and walked briskly to his office.  No one bothered him on his long walk to his office unlike normal.  The norm is having ten different people ask him the same question ten different times.  Each person who would ask him just made him more and more irritated.  This time there was nothing but smooth walking the whole way.  Rue reveled in the ease and comfort.  He reached for the door knob to his office but stopped when he heard the sounds of a person rummaging, no destroying the contents of the room.  Rue unsnapped his pistol from its holster and drew his gun.  He tried to turn the handle but it was locked.  He took his key and very slowly slid it into the hole in the center of the knob.  Turning the key as slowly as possible as not to draw attention to the door by who ever is in the room.  The door unlocked Rue readies himself to fight.  He throws the door open and levels his gun on a woman in the middle of throwing the contents of a desk drawer on the floor. Small pieces of paper fluttered to the ground as Rue flipped the light switch on, still leveling his gun at the intruder.  The woman froze when the lights came on.  Rue looked at the woman, recognition of her identity dawning on his face.  “Emma?”  Rue’s arm holding the gun started to lower.  “Yeah, it’s me Rue.”  “What the hell are you doing?”  Rue lowered his gun and put it back in its holster.  He walked across the room, stepping around papers, books, and his phone, until he was near Emma.  “What’re you looking for.  Why didn’t you just ask me instead of destroying my office?”  “You would never give me what I want.  That file you have in your attaché case, I must have it immediately.”  “What’s the rush?  Just sit down and let’s go over this.”  “NO! I absolutely have to get that file and then be going.  You don’t seem to understand that there are things going on here beyond the scope of your mere investigation.  The fate of hundreds of millions of lives rest in that file that you carry.  Please, hand it over.”  “Emma, you know I can’t do that.  This file is not to be used or seen by anyone else.  I’m sorry but you won’t be getting it.”  Rue tightened his grip on his attaché case in preparation for what was sure to come.  His instincts proved correct as he watched Emma take two big bounding steps in his direction and leap towards him with claws out.  Rue reached out and grabbed her wrists letting her dig her nails into his arms.  The door was still open and using her momentum he twisted his body, pivoted on one foot and threw her out of the door and into the hallway.  Emma hit the wall first with her butt, her back hit next, which caused her head to snap backwards and hit the wall.  The blow to the head knocked her out and her eyes rolled back in head, her body became limp and she slump down the wall into a pile on the floor.  Rue walked to the door and closed and locked it, the overturned chair sitting next him got propped up under the door handle with two feet planted firmly in the carpet.  He turned and surveyed the damage the woman had done.  She began slamming on the door with her fist yelling and cursing Rue through the door.  Rue walked to the door and heard the first nearby sounds of his co-workers opening the doors of their offices and looking to see what all the noise is about.  Muffled “Hey who are you” and “What’s all the noise about” drifted through the door.  Emma had stopped yelling and was now looking at the people coming out of their offices.  Rue pulled the chair from under the door knob and waited a few moments longer.  “Is there something we can do for you?” This was Rue’s cue to unlock his door and unveil the masterpiece he had decided to call, An Ode To Greed.  He unlocked the door and opened it inward, as he stepped into the hallway he saw Emma being restrained on the floor with her hands pinned behind her back, her head shoved into the floor and two guns aimed at her.  “Guys! Chill out! All she did was ransack my office.  Just have security escort her out of the building.  I don’t want to make a scene out of this.”  Rue walked over to the pile of people, bent over and said, “Emma? You’re going to go quietly right?”  A very muffled and strained voice replied, “Yes.”  “Alright everyone, thank you, but you can let her go.  She’s leaving, isn’t she?”  Emma picked herself up off the ground and straightened her clothes, pulling at her sleeves and brushing off her black slacks.  “I‘ll be leaving now.  Mr. Mount, I would hope you take what I said seriously.  Heres my card.”  She held out a business card for Rue to take.  He reached out his hand and took the card, looked at it, and immediately tore it into little pieces and dropped it into a garbage can next the a water dispenser.  “That’s ok, it’s your choice, but you will not like the consequences your actions have determined for you.”  Emma turned and walked to the elevators at the end of the hall.  Rue and the group of FBI agents watched bemusedly as she walked away, her slender form and generous proportion fueling the imaginations of all the men watching.  “You guys have to what that bitch did to my office.  It’s totally thrashed.  Good thing there wasn’t anything important in there.”  Rue walked to the door of his office and motioned everyone in.  A collective, “DAMN!!” echoed through the office.  “She tore this place up.  What the hell was she looking for?”  “This file, the nerve agent theft case.  She really wanted this thing.”  Rue pulled the file out of his attaché and dropped it onto the now empty desk.  “Hey, close the door would ya.  Everyone come here and check this out.  So I’m sitting there at Happy Hunan looking at this file and there was this picture in it.  I stare at this photo for a couple of minutes while I wait for my order.  So I hear my number called and I lay the photo down on top of the open file.  I lay my attaché case on top of it all so it holds it in place and blocks the view of it.  So I look around the place and there’s like, two people in this booth, three people in that booth, and one guy at a table.  I get up and go to the counter to get my food.  Now I’m gone only what? Maybe forty five seconds at the most.  I get back to the table, lift the case off the pile and there is no fucking photo.”  “What?  What the hell happened to it?”  “How the hell do I know, that’s why I’m telling you guys.  Anyone got any ideas?”  “What’s the picture of?”  “It’s a picture of Anika Marzina talking to a man dress in a black suit.  I suspect the man might not be with our government.  I’m not sure but this guy looks familiar.”  “So, what happened to the picture”  “The picture vanished in the few seconds I was gone to get my food.  I turned my back for all of ten seconds as I walked up to the counter.”  “I don’t know about that story, sounds a little fishy to me.”  “I swear to you all, that picture was there, and then, gone.”   “So this chick was after that file?  Why would she want it so bad?”  Rue sat on the edge of the desk next to the file.  “Ok.  Emma is a Czech born Russian operative in training.  She hasn’t yet learned the fine art of tact, or so it would seem.  She’s trying to get her hands on either the toxin or anti-toxin.  Russian Generals have been seeking out new forms of nerve agents.  They found it in Tetram VG.  Now there are governments around the world who are clammering for a chance to destroy vast multitudes of people with only a fluid ounce of this stuff, tens of thousands could die.”   “I think you’re screwed my friend.”  Rue shook off the hand patting him on the shoulder. “Fuck off.  It’s hard enough on this case without you guys berating me all the time.”  “Ahh, poor little baby, we won’t hurt his wittle feelings.  I’m going back to my office.”  “Catch ya later man.”  “Yeah, c’ya man.”  Rue sat on his desk as everyone vacated his office, his face stuck in the form of shock.  The last man out of the room closed the door behind him and Rue was left in the middle of a maelstrom of a day.  Rue picked up his office for the next few hours and had just finished vacuuming the floor when his phone rang.  He went to his desk and looked at the phone, Patrick’s light was blinking red.  He picked up the phone and said, “What’s up Patrick?”  “I need to talk to you for a minute.”  “I’ll be down in a few minutes, just finished cleaning up the office.”  Rue hung up the phone then finished putting the cleaning supplies away and straightened himself up and went to the door.  He walked down the hallway to Patrick’s office.  He opened the door and went in without knocking.  “You called?” Rue went to a chair in front of Patrick’s desk and sat down.  “Cleaning up the office?  What happened to your office?”  “Emma happened to my office.”  “Emma?”  “Emma is a freelancer of the widest definition.  She reports to anyone who will pay her.  She’s an information sleuth.”  “What was she looking for?”  “The file on the Tetram VG theft case.  She was pretty desperate for it, she broke into my office and trashed it.  After I threw her out the door, her head hit the wall and knocked her out, she woke up and went pounding on my office door yelling and cursing at me.”  “You’re getting quite a bit of attention regarding this case.  Do I need to assign another agent to help you?  Is this a little to complex for you or what?”  “Patrick, this is almost the end of the case.  I’ve seen the image of a man who I’ve seen before and he’s not working for this country.  He’s a freelancer that specializes in acquisitions.  He was speaking to Anika outside a building and it was clearly both of them I the picture.”  “So who is this guy?  What government does he work for?”  “I’m not sure sir, but my gut instinct tells me that he’s an American.  I don’t know why I think that, but I do.”  “Instincts save us more often than naught in this line of duty.  I do believe that it could be an American but I think he’s working for another government. Hmm, so, let me make a few calls and see what I can find out about the theft in other branches.  I have friends in high places that might divulge the info I need.”  “That’d be nice, for once being able to bypass the bureaucratic bullshit and actually get something accomplished.”  “I can’t promise you anything Rue, but I can try.  The worst they can do is say no.  Why don’t you get some rest.  Go home for the night.  Maybe hit the bar first.  You look like you need a good stiff drink.”  “Thanks Patrick.  I think there might have been a veiled compliment somewhere in there.  I’ll talk to you later.  Call me as soon as you hear anything about this.”  Rue stood up and walked to the door.  “Rue, be careful.  Don’t do any vigilante shit, keep it clean and by the books.”  “Yes Dad.”  With that Rue closed the door and walked back to his office.  He opened the door and went in, at his desk he put the file, some other paper work, and a title from his vast criminology library into his attaché case.  He walked out the door, closed and locked it, making sure it is locked by jiggling the handle, then walks down the hall.  He gets to the elevator and presses the button.  Seconds later the elevator stops and the doors open.  The elevator is empty save one person.  Rue steps in and pushes the lobby button.  The doors close and the elevator speeds in descent.  It starts to slow at floor eight, and by the time it is to floor three it is moving nice and slow.  The old man in the elevator seemed to be blind but one could not see past his blackened shades.  His arm gripped the railing in the elevator while the other hand clamped onto his cane.  The car registered a sudden jerking side to side In an instant the elevator car was falling the final two and a half stories to the bottom of the elevator shaft.  The concussion reverberated through most of the big building.  Rue and the old man felt the elevator fall away from their feet and their bodies remain for a moment, suspended in the air.  Quickly gravity takes hold and they both fall to the floor just as the elevator hit the bottom. Both man crash against the walls upon the impact.  The old man began moaning as soon as he regained consciousness, forcing rue to try and pry the doors open.  He looked around the dark elevator for something to use and remembered the old man’s cane.  He found the cane lying against the wall and he pulled the rubber foot off the bottom of the cane.  He  then shoved the cane into the elevator doors prying them open a little bit, he shoved his fingers into the crack a pulled and pried the doors open until he could use his whole body to open them.  Finally he got the doors open and with a huge sigh slumped against the wall of the elevator and slid to the floor.  “You ok old man?”  “No, I broke something in my hip and I might be paralyzed from the waist down.”  The old man clenched at the side of his hip and groan every so often.  Rue could see that he was going to be forced to leave the old man in the spot where he lay incase of spinal injury.  Rue stood and stepped up out of the elevator onto the lobby surface.  People had started to gather around the open doors to the elevator.  Rue held people at bay for a moment while he scanned the crowd of onlookers.  He spotted a security guard to the side of the crowd and Rue waved at the gaurd to come to him.  The guard came to Rue’s side and Rue told him, “Keep people away from the elevator.  There’s a hurt man in there.   I’m going to call the paramedics.”  Rue ran towards the front desk and asked to use the phone.  He dialed 911 and explained the situation to the woman on the line.  The woman told him, “The ambulance will be there in about ten minutes.  Until then support the gentleman with blankets or anything to retain heat.  If he looses consciousness don’t try to wake him.  If he stops breathing then perform immediate emergency CPR.  The ambulance is on its way.”  “Thanks.  There’s a number of people to watch over him.”  Rue hung up the phone and ran back to the elevator.  He walked up to the security guard and told him, “The ambulance is on its way.  I need you to stay with the gentleman until the ambulance arrives.  Make sure he doesn’t move and that he stays breathing.  You know CPR right?”  “Yes sir, I do.”  “Good, if he stops breathing start CPR until the ambulance gets here.  You,” He said pointing to another security guard, “Come here and make sure everyone stays away from the elevator and no one goes in until the ambulance gets here.”  “Yes sir.”  Rue stuck his head into the elevator to make sure the old man was stable, then he turned and walked for the exit.  He pushes the front door open and steps onto the sidewalk as the ambulance screams to a halt in front of him.  The paramedics jump out, open the rear doors and pulled the gurney out and wheeled it through the front door.  Rue turned and walked to the parking garage, stopping only once to look at the headlines on the paper at the news stand on the corner.  He turned the corner into the parking garage and walked up the ramp to his car.  He unlocked his car before he reached the top of the ramp, got to the car and opened the door.  He threw his case and coat onto the passenger seat and climbed into the car.  He started the car and backed out of his parking spot.  He drove down the ramp and out the parking garage onto the street.  He glanced at his watch which read, 4:45pm.  The traffic in front of him was horrendous.  Cars littered the street ahead, behind, and all around him.  He was now stuck in the traffic with nothing to do but listen to the radio.  After half an hour of moving five feet at a time, Rue finally is able to drive at some sort of speed.  He wound his way through the city as the sun dropped below the horizon.  His phone rang suddenly breaking him out of his stupor.  He picked up his phone and looked at the caller ID.  The number flashed on the screen but Rue had no clue whose number it was.  He was about to put the phone down when he remembered Coral was supposed to call.  He answered the phone, “Hello?”  “Hi, this is Coral.  You said to call you about now.  So I’m calling you.”  A little giggle came through the phone.  “I’m headed to the bar now, do you know where The Brink is?”  “Of course I do.  That place has been around for as long as I can remember.  I went there all the time as a kid.”  “So you wanna meet me there in about fifteen minutes?”  “I don’t have a care, but I could take the bus, it’ll take me half an hour to get there at least.”  “Where d’ya live?”  “96th avenue and Preston street, on the corner is The Evergreen Lofts.  I’ll be out front shortly.”  “Cool, I’ll see ya in about ten minutes.”  “Alright, see you soon.”  “Bye.” Rue closed his cell phone and turned down the next street.  Coral ran through her loft readying herself for the night.  She grabbed her purse and keys and slammed her front door shut.  Hurriedly she locked the door and ran to the elevator.  The elevator ride seemed to take forever as she tapped her foot impatiently.  The elevator stopped at three different floors to pick up people.  Finally the doors opened on the ground floor and Coral jetted from the elevator.  She walked quickly to the front door of the building and threw it open.  In front of the building sat Rue in his blue BMW M3.  Coral opened the passenger door and climbed into the car.  “Hi.”  “Hi Coral.  You look nice.”  “Thank you.  Rue?”  “Yes”  His eyes were trained on the road in front of him.  “Am I in trouble?”  Her voice quivered and shook, belying her true emotions through her tough exterior.  “No, you’re not in any trouble.  You just had an affair with the main person in our investigation, therefore you might know something that will lead us to Anika and Zeleny.”  He looked over at Coral who was sitting with her hands clasped in her lap and her eyes looking at her hands.  “You make it sound like all I am worth is the info in my head.”  “Come on, don’t be stupid.  Of course you have more to offer than just the info in your head.”  “You think so?  You think I might have something other than just information relevant to your case?”  Her eyes snapped up to stare at him from the side.  He could feel her gaze and asked, “Potential for what?”  “To be a good person.  To be a person that others want, to be needed.”  Rue stopped the car at a red light and turned to look at Coral.  “You have lots of potential.  All you have to do is believe in yourself.  If you’re wanting to find a person to love, who loves you, just be yourself.  It’s the most surefire way to find a compatible partner.”  “Thanks for the support and confidence.  I don’t get much of that.  I’ve been shit on for most of my life.”  Rue sat listening to Coral talk, all the while thinking to himself, “What am I doing.”  The light turned green and Rue continued driving.  The Brink’s building could be seen from blocks away.  Its distinct shape makes it very noticeable and easy to find.  It looked like a partially deflated soccer ball, all bulbous on top and flat on the bottom.  The circus tent look lent to its appeal to children for many years.  “Ohhhh, I haven’t been here in years.”  Coral squealed and giggled in the passenger seat.  Rue rolled his eyes in response to Coral’s squeals.  He pulled the car into the parking lot and parked as near to the door as possible.  They both climbed out of the car closing the doors behind them.  Rue locked the car as they walked to the front door of the building.  Rue opened the door for Coral and followed her through into the rink.  The door closed on its own behind them as they continued deeper into the building.  They walked across the roller skating rink and to the center bar.  They waited at the edge of the rotating bar for open seats to come around.  Two seats open at the bar come around and they step up and take the seats.  Rue and Coral sit on the barstools and Rue calls out, “Oleg, drinks please!”  He turns and looks at Coral, “What’ll ya have?”  “I could use a shot and a beer, anything as long as it’s alcohol.”  She smiled at Rue and turned back to look around the bar.  People were entering the building from the back door, a group of women walked in and made a beeline for the bar.  Coral was watching the women approach the bar when suddenly she screamed.  Rue covered his ear as her scream continued.  Coral jumped up from her stool and ran around the bar and jumped on a woman in the group.  They started laughing and chattering, Coral began bringing the woman towards where Rue sat.  “Rue, this is my friend Lydia Carison.  We haven’t seen each other in months.  Come and sit down.”  Lydia took a seat at a stool with 3 empty stools between her and Rue.  Coral walked up to the bar, grabbed her drink, and walked over to the stool next to Lydia, on the opposite side from Rue.  Rue looked over at the two women as they chatted and laughed and were generally loud and obnoxious.  Their conversation ranged all over the place and Rue just tuned it out.  He looked down at his drink, not seeing anything but the images in his mind that projected themselves in front of his eyes.  “That guy with Anika in the picture was so damned familiar. Where the fuck have I seen him.”  Rue’s thoughts continued on in this vain for many minutes.  Suddenly a person rolled to a stop right next to Rue.  The guy was chewing gum, chomping on it loudly with his mouth open.  “Do you mind?”  Rue looked at the guy with an expression of malcontent.  “Do I mind what?”  Rue couldn’t help but become slightly hostile with the guy. He looked at the roller skater in a glance.  “My names Niklas.  What’s yers?” His extra tight yellow t-shirt was covered in glitter, his shorts were excessively short and showed an unnaturally large amount of his crotch.  He rolled around on his skates, chewing his gum, and staring at Rue.  “Come on, let’s go have some fun.”  Rue looked at Niklas and said, “You need to leave right now.  I’m not going to put up with this shit.  So you best be on yer way.”  Rue gave Niklas the evil eye as he got an expression of disbelief on his face that made Rue snicker and chuckle.  “What’s so funny?”  His s was accentuated and lengthened, sounding much like a snake.  Rue put his head into his hands and watched the ice swirl in the shot glass.  The foam on his beer held his attention for a while.  Niklas stood next to Rue yammering about something completely inane and as loud as possible. From behind him, Rue sees a man and a woman walk up to the bar and take a seat near him.  One seat separates Rue from the woman.  Rue is stunned by the entrance of three people through the front doors.  One man steps forward first and the other two follow.  “All the time spent investigating and searching for him, and he walks through the door.”  Rue muttered to himself as Niklas continued to yammer away.  Zeleny, Tesar, and Praza all walked up to the bar and directly to the people sitting to the left of Rue.  He could hear their conversation pretty clearly.  Zeleny asked the man if he had seen Anika.  The man told Zeleny he hadn’t seen her since he had taken her from the operating room.  Rue’s ears perked up and his mind raced.  “What had Anika been in the operating room for?”  His mind raced faster.  “Where is she now?”  Zeleny looked around the bar and the three men took seats next to the doctors. Tesar yelled out, “Bartender! Bring us drinks!”  Everyone at the bar turned and looked to see who was yelling.  Egor came to the bar in front of the three men, “What?”  Rue understood the “what” but Egor had muttered something that sounded to be Russian.  Zeleny nodded at Egor who walked away and filled three beers.  Tesar and Prada were busy poking each other in the chest.  Rue sat with his beer and ignored the overly feminine man standing next to him talking like a thirteen year old school girl.  He could just make out the conversation between the couple next to him.  They were talking about Zeleny running from an operating room, and they mentioned Anika’s name.  His senses reeled at the concept that they might have seen Anika today.  Rue turned to get a little closer look at who the couple was next to him.  Both the man and the woman were average looking, nothing striking about them, and something gave him the idea that they were doctors.  As Rue strained to listen to as many things as possible he overheard Coral telling Lydia of sleeping with Zeleny the previous weekend.  She was being very animated and quite graphic with her friend who was egging it on and asking more questions.  Rue started to become angry and jealous but that soon passed upon hearing her tell of Zeleny taking her to this warehouse office building out on the outskirts of town.  As she talked Rue tried as hard as possible to listen in with out being noticed.  The entrance doors opened and in walked a man and a woman.  They walked towards the bar and as they stood at the edge of the rotating platform, Rue could see that it was Anika and she was with the man in the picture.  The bar rotated around and they walked to a pair of open seats opposite Rue.  He could barely see them past the DJ stand and alcohol shelf. Niklas was starting to get wound up into a fervor and sounded like a tape on fast forward, all high pitched and sped up. Rue had his head in his hands again and had turned to watch Oleg busy washing glasses in a sink in between customers and he began to get irritated by the skater.  Niklas was almost yelling as he expounded to Rue, about how proud he is of his ability to, “suck a dick like a pro”, at which Oleg dried his hands and walked across the bar to Niklas.  “Rue, is this little FUCK bothering you?  Do I need to make an example of him?”  The little skater boy replied with an apathetic voice that set Oleg off.  “Look here you little fuck!  Either you remove yourself from the building now, or you will be removed.” Oleg turned and as he walked away Rue heard him mutter, “yeah out dead or alive.”  Oleg went back to what he was doing at the sink.  Rue watched as the little gay skater kid rolled off to the wall to gather his things.  Sobbing could be heard as he rolled off of the bar.  A single tear rolled down his cheek.  Rue chuckled to himself as Niklas rolled off.  His attention snapped back to Anika because she had stood up after sitting with the man at the bar.  As she rises from the bar and walks towards him, Rue orders another shot.  Anika walks up to Zeleny at the bar and Rue can see the lips move but hears only chaos and noise. The shot is laid in front of him and with one flick of the wrist it is in his throat.  Rue finishes his beer and readies himself to follow the pair if they left.  Zeleny pays his tab and puts his coat on, turns and starts to walk off towards the exit.  They walk into the rink where a few skaters whiz by them.  Rue watches the two walk away and as the skaters skating around them increases, he rubs his eyes to clear away any particles that might have caused him to see something.  He opened his eyes and watched the skaters completely engulf the two.  In a moments time the skater all dissipate and Zeleny’s form is visible slumping to the floor.  Anika falls on top of him screaming his name.  She stands to run and as soon as she is standing, her legs give out and she slumps into a pile atop Zeleny.  Rue can’t believe his eyes, they are lying there supposedly dead.  Rue drinks the last of his beer and stands to put his coat on.  The man that was sitting with Anika stands and readies himself to leave as well.  Rue and the man begin walking at the same time, the man walking towards Rue and Rue walking the opposite direction.  The man walks up to the bodies on the floor, pulls out a long folding knife and flips it open.  He pat Anika’s sides down her legs, up the insides of her legs, and he stops.  He takes the knife and plunges it into her leg.  He pulls the knife out of her leg and pulls a little metal canister out of the cut.  He wipes the canister on the bodies clothing and puts it in his pocket.  Rue has made it to the man and Anika’s chairs.  Rue pauses at the bar stool, his hand resting momentarily on the edge of the red leather stool.  His hand becomes warm and tingles go up his arm.  An image appears in his mind of an old leather bound book with an arcane looking writing upon the cover.  The book opens slowly to reveal the same form of text on the pages within.  The image is gone instantly as his eyes regain focus.  Rue composes himself and turns his head, eyes searching for the forms of the man and woman.  His eyes light upon their forms as the man looms over their bodies.  Rue steadies himself against the rotation of the platform and bar.  He turns away from the bar and steps forward off the platform into the melee of skaters.  Brent is standing and turning to walk away as Rue cautiously walks toward the bodies.  The man never looks back and stops only to hand something to another man who was seated at a table near the entrance.  Both men leave through the doors as Rue reaches the couple.  He checks for a pulse and feeling none, turns to jog to the door the men left through.  He reaches the doors and throws open the inside doors.  He stops and leans against the wall trying to catch his breath and balance.  The constant rotation of the bar has made for an uneasy stomach.  Rue steps to the outer doors and cracks one open.  He sees the two men walking away from him down the sidewalk.  He opens the door and steps out, holding the door as it closes to escape any unnecessary sounds.  He realizes that the sounds of the city cover the sound of the door.  The men are halfway to the corner as Rue trots across the street to his parked car.  He unlocks the car with the key in order to not make any sounds.  He gets in the car and watches the men as they walk up to the corner and stop.  An SUV, all black with blacked out windows, screeches to a stop.  The doors open and the two men jump into the SUV.  He starts his car and pulls out and down the street. He pulls to a stop at the corner and looking to his right he sees the SUV driving away from him.  He pulls out into the street and with his headlight off he follows the black vehicle.  Rue follows the SUV for two hours from the city, to the suburbs, to the ghetto, back to the city, then to a industrial building on the west side of the city.  The low-rise single story office building buried behind four other buildings, hid with the stealth of a military Para-trooper.  The black SUV pulled up to the building as a large metal roll up door slid up.  The SUV pulled into the building and the metal door shut.  Rue sat car at the south end of the building watching the SUV as it pulled into bay.  Rue glanced around him on his way in but still was unsure of exactly where he was.  There was no street name that he had seen and there was no address on the street side buildings, just letters on each building.  The white sided buildings sat two wide and three deep with a road surrounding and a chain link fence bordering three sides of the property.  Two cameras set to watch the one office building that the van had pulled into with none others to be found.  Rue started to get back in his car when lights came into the complex from the street.  Another vehicle pulled into the complex and drove directly to the same bay door.  Rue was getting more assured that this was the largest crime syndicate in the city.  He watched the second vehicle pull into the building, then he got back in his car and drove out of the complex.  He turn onto the street and followed it back to the city.  The industrial areas giving way to commercial and residential areas. 					10,455 words section
*	*	*
The inside of the cab stinks like an old car left in the junkyard, then dragged through the landfill, fresh tires and new windows put in it, and it is back on the street.  Girish Pedraja is used to the smell.  After driving the same cab for over ten years, a person becomes immune to the horrid smells emanating from under and inside of the seats.  The doors are caked with extra thick black hardened grease in smears and trails.  Six am Girish meets Juman Rafidi, a fellow cab driver at the donut shop on the corner of Market street and Temple street, Judy’s Donuts.  A fresh paper for the day, an extra large manager’s special, and a large mug of coffee, every morning the same routine.  The clerks in the shop have Girish’s food ready for him on most mornings.  Juman is always there first and gets a booth for them both.  They talk over the nights events and mindless tidbits of drivel that just pass the time.  At six thirty, Girish and Juman get into their taxis and start their day.  Girish, being used to his vehicle smell, was surprised to be flagged down by a woman.  Girish stopped the car and the woman opened the door, jumped inside, and slammed the door shut.  “GO!” She was looking franticly over her shoulder towards the corner of the building.  Girish pulled out into the street and drove east through the city.  As he turned to look over his shoulder he noticed the woman had a thin aluminum canister.  She was rubbing it nervously.  “Where to ma’am?”  His choppy American English stumbled from his mouth.   “Donovan Medical Consulting, 44400 75th avenue near Crane street.”  Her English sounded as choppy and stunted as his aside from her Russian accent.  “Sure thing.”  The woman sat fidgeting with the container in her hands, occasionally looking at it for long moments.  The container caught rays of light and reflected them into the front of the cab.  Girish’s eye caught the light flashing on the visor.  He turned the car onto 75th avenue and headed north, the buildings increasing in size the closer to downtown they got.  Mid-rise buildings filling the assigned blocks allotted to them, filed past the windows of the cab as it crept it’s way along the busy avenue.  Bumper to bumper the cabs and delivery trucks cram the streets, all vying for a chance to get twenty feet ahead of the person next to them.  Honking horns, yelling people, the sounds of the city all muffled by the stinking embrace of the cab.  The radio and single speaker in the dash, blared Hindi top chart songs with the wail of a banshee. The woman looked up at Girish, “how much farther?”  “Your stop is about a block away ma’am.”  “How much do I owe you?”  “45 dollars and 65 cents.”  The woman opened her wallet and handed Girish fifty dollars.  “Keep the change.”  “Thank you ma’am.  Have a nice day.”  “Yeah I wish.  Not much of a chance of that at this point.”  She opened the door to the cab and stepped out into the street.  The sun was low enough to be hidden by the surrounding buildings, the wind caught her hair and blew it into her face.  “HONK! HONK! HONK!”  The cabby behind them was annoyed, not just annoyed, PISSED OFF.  Five feet of space had opened up in front of Girish’s cab, and the man felt it needed to be five feet of taken space.  The woman closed the door to the cab and walked to the sidewalk, turned left and walked north.  She reached the corner and waited for the light to change so as to walk across the street.  Girish had reached the light at the same time as the woman and watched her standing alone, hands in her pockets, with her jacket ruffling and moving from her constantly rolling the canister in her hand.  The light turned green and he turned left onto Crane street, heading west.  As the car made the corner, something rolled across the back seat and careened  under the passenger seat.  Girish stopped at the next red light and reached under the seat to find the object that made the noise.  His hand grabbed hold of a book, and pulling it into view, he could see the texture of the cover.  On the cover were symbols that Girish could not make out.  He opened the book and thumbed through the pages.  The writing on the cover was mimicked within the text.  Girish closed the cover to the book and ran a discerning finger over the binding.  The forms of symbols could be made out underneath a newer piece of material glued over the binding.  The light had turned green and the horns started to blare as Girish started back to his senses.  He continued along the same street caught in a day dream, calls and whistles go un-heard from people along the street.  Girish can not stop thinking of this book.  After driving for ten minutes, Girish has finally conceded defeat to the right thing to do.  He wheels the stinking cab around the center divider and drives toward the building he just left.  Twenty minutes later, Girish’s cab is double parked in front of the Donovan Medical Consulting LLC building.  A 58 story black and gray building, the windows black as night, with only two ways in or out of the building.  Girish reached the top of the steps leading to the main entrance.  The finely hewn granite slabs were placed perfectly to form twenty amazing steps.  Bright copper hand rails tarnished to a dull, barely discernable sheen, by the multitudes of young people on their skateboards and roller blades. Girish pushed open the heavy main door and stepped into a massive atrium.  The main desk being front and center before a large waterfall that flows and bubbles from the head of Adonis, falling from his “perfect” form onto the throngs of people holding him aloft.  The symbolism and egotism of the whole thing struck Girish like a slap to the face.  He walked to the front desk and stood inline behind two people.  His turn arriving, Girish steps to the desk and lays the book in front of the woman receptionist.  “My fare left this book in my cab and she is supposed to be here. Can you make sure she gets it?”  “Uhm, sir? I am sorry, but we have no way of knowing who this book would belong to.  If you would just take this with you…  Can I help the next person please?”  “But, but, I don’t need it.”  Girish defeated of his good deed, turned and began walking to the front door.  Halfway to the exit, Girish watches as three men push open the doors and step into the building.  The three men are dressed in suits with ties loose, shirts half un-tucked, and bright blonde hair bouncing atop their heads.  The tallest of the three men joked the least, while the other two men laughed uproariously, slapping their legs and doubling over in stitches.  Girish and the tall man caught each others eye.  The man turned his head away from Girish then snapped his eyes back at the dumpy middle eastern man.  Girish was stunned when the large blonde man stepped in front of him.  “Where you get that book?”  His English marred by a severe Russian accent, his eyes drilled holes through Girish.  “I was trying to find the woman who left this in my cab. My name is Girish Pedraja, my cab is out front.  A woman, she came here, she left this in my cab.”  Girish’s legs began trembling and his voice shaky.  “That my woman book.  I take that.”  The large Russian man grabbed the book from Girish’s noticeably trembling hands.  At this time the two other men had stepped to the Russian’s side, snickers and deep throated giggles came from over his shoulder.  “Shut the FUCK up you two!”  The Russian turned his back on Girish  to shoot the two men daggers of a gaze.  They quieted quickly, eyes shifting side to side.  “My name’s Zeleny, I’ll give this to its owner.  I’ll be seeing her shortly.”  Zeleny reached his hand out to Girish, “Thank you.” “You’re… uhm… you’re welcome.”  Girish shook his hand and turned on his heel and walked to the exit.  Happy to be away from the intimidating Russian men, he jogged down the stairs to his cab.  
“So I told him to make sure to hold onto his things.”  Girish gestured with his fist in the face of  his friend.  “I coulda took all three of em on.”  “Oh please, you can’t hurt a fly, it’s your religion.  Besides, what good whould it have done?”  Juman looked through the bottom of his glass at Girish, “You would have gotten pounded.”  Girish’s boastfulness stopped in a heartbeat.  As he languished over the remains of his drink, his eye caught a familiar site.  The three Russian men walked through the door, stepped into the building, and started yelling like frat boys during pledge week.  The roar could be heard echoing from the walls of the building, mixing with the music and background of people.  “Oh shit.”  Girish shook his head in dismay.  “That’s ‘em right there.  The ones just walk in.”  His hand on his head, he concentrated on the melting ice cubes clinking against the bottom of the glass.  Zeleny and his friends walked to the bar with an air of superiority.  They approached the bar and took seats directly opposite Girish and Jumon, the DJ stand between them.  The DJ sat about 8 feet off the ground on scaffolding which is covered in mirrors with a door to the inside.  Girish could not see the men so he turned to Juman.   “I don’t want anything to do with ‘em.  Those guys scream trouble.”  Girish sat for a while twirling the ice in his glass, his mind stuck on the aluminum canister.  “You know?  The weirdest thing was the canister she had.  It was thin, long, and it definitely looked hollow.  She was damned worried about something.”  “Best to let it lie my friend.  You can’t trouble yourself over something so miniscule.”  Juman turned and stood, his lack of co-ordination exacerbated by the movement of the bar beneath them.  “I gotta piss.”  “So do I, wait for me.”  Girish and Juman stepped off the rotating bar onto the still roller rink floor.  “Damn room is moving.  Why do you like this place?  This damn bar makes me queasy.”  Juman teetered on his heels as Girish started walking towards the mens room.  
“Egor my friend.” Girish sat at the bar again, Juman trailing behind.  “Another round for us.”  “Here ya go.”  “Keep the change.”  “Fuck, what is it with this place?  First those three, now she is here.”  Girish sat facing Juman, his fingers drumming on the bar, his other hand between their bodies pointing behind him.  “That’s the one, behind me, the blonde.”  “Her huh?  Wow.”  “After the story I tell you all I get is, ‘Her huh? Wow.’ I was hoping for something more helpful than that.”  Girish glanced over his shoulder at the woman.  Her gaze never seemed to leave the man she was with while the drink in her hand rolled around in the glass.  “Pretty cozy with that guy there though.”  Juman pointed to the man sitting by the blonde Russian woman, his black leather jacket laying on the bar.  “She doesn’t even know you’re here.  Don’t worry.”  Girish watched as the woman stood, gathered her purse, and walked down the bar.  Girish lost sight of the woman as the DJ booth got between them.  He shifted on his stool so as to slip his weight to the right.  In doing so it gave him just enough space to see the woman talking with Zeleny, the tall Russian man.  The lights were coming on in Girish’s head as the different pieces of the puzzle fell together.  Zeleny stood from his stool and put on his jacket, turned, and with the woman walked away from the bar and Girish.  He watched as they became surrounded by a mass of roller skaters, his head unable to detect anything wrong.  Just as quickly, the roller skaters dissipate to expose the man lying on the floor with the woman on top of his form crying and screaming.  She stands up over the body, then falls lifeless upon Zeleny’s rumpled form.  From the left corner of his eye, Girish sees a man walking slowly around the bar towards him.  He staggers a little and catches himself on a barstool.  Steadied, the man continues walking towards Girish.  Girish sees the man in the black leather coat stand and collect his gloves, then walk towards the piled bodies on the roller rink floor.  The man walking around the bar coughs and startles Girish who jumps and turns to look at the offending sound.  Girish looks at the man, their eyes meet for one moment, and he has moved past to the seat the woman left from.  The man’s hand rests upon the seat and he stiffens slightly.  Seconds later the man relaxes and walks the way of the man in the black coat, who has sliced the woman’s leg open and pulled out the metal canister covered in blood.  Girish looks at Juman, “What the fuck? What was that?”  “What?  What happened?”  Girish winces at Juman, turns back to see the bodies left on the floor and the two men gone out the exit.  “Oleg! Oleg, come here!” Ginish yells across the bar.  A large square jawed, muscular, Russian man wearing an apron walked over to their side of the bar. “What.”  Oleg’s strong accent lent to little conversation, but a very strong work ethic.  “What’s going to happen to the bodies out there on the floor.  Didn’t you see that?”  “What happened? Bodies? What the hell are you talking about Girish?” Juman stood from his barstool, stepping around Girish his eyes caught sight of the bodies lying in a pile in the middle of the skating rink.  “What the hell’s going on?” Juman stood staring at the bodies for a long while, saying only, “What the hell?  What the hell?”  “Those the first bodies you seen?  Didn’t you come from war to the US?” Girish put his hand on Juman’s shoulder, “Don’t worry about it, Oleg and Egor got to deal with it.”  Girish looked to Oleg whose face carried the same somber tone.  “Ve deal with it.  Maintenance crew good at cleaning up.”  Oleg went to the phone, dialed and waited a moment, he then spoke for a moment and hung up.  Girish looked at Juman who was sitting on the barstool staring at the mirror of the DJ stand mouthing words being repeated internally.  “You ready to go?  Let’s get out of here.”  Girish elbowed Juman in the shoulder, who looked at Girish, “Where?  Where are we going?”  “Let’s get out of here.  Come on man.”  Girish tugged on Juman’s arm and he finally got off the stool and turned to walk with Girish.  As they headed to the door, Juman looked back at the bar, then to the bodies still lying on the floor, “Damn shame. Damn shame man. Did you see the way they just dropped?  There was no gun shot , no noise, nothing.” “I know man.  I saw it happen.  Let’s just go home.”								2592 words section
*	*	*
“’So often one finds it easy to become jaded by the simplicity of everyday life.  Sometimes it takes something so shocking and amazing for you to realize that we live in a crazy world full of freaks, geeks, and weirdoes.’  ‘Thank you Elaine for that insightful thought, I am sure all of our listeners can really use it.’  ‘Thank you Bill, anything for the listeners.’”
“Enough of this damned radio talk show every morning.” Dr. Franklin (Frank) Rose turns over and turns the radio off.  The covers are a mess as usual, the room is in disarray, and his head hurts like a church bell.  He crawls through the sheets and comforter to the edge of the bed.  Momentum carrying him forward he slides off the bed and slams his head into the bed side table.  After the obligatory fuck, shit, and damn its, he finally got his senses and stood arching into a huge stretch.  The guttural moan of satisfaction, the yawn, and approval of the wonderful feeling in his body showed in his entire face.  “Beep beep beep beep beep.”  Frank walked to his dresser and looked at the screen on his pager.  “WORK NOW!!!” “One hell of a ‘Good Morning’. These long hours suck.” His thoughts as he grabs his cloths and hurriedly got dressed.  The commute to the office was a god awful bore every day, nothing different, nothing changed, just the same people driving the same cars all around him.  “For once it would be nice to have a semi exciting day. I’m getting sick of the same shit every day.  This company has plenty of open projects.” Frank’s internal dialog would kick into high gear on the commute to and from the office.  His drive is short to a local rail station, then a 35 minute ride and he gets dropped on the corner in front of the building.  Walking the 20 granite steps every morning is a meditative experience on a daily basis for Frank.  Each step intentional, each step precise, each step takes him closer to a calm which allows him to let the day just wash over and by him. Finishing the 20th step, he paused, gathered himself and walked through the door into the atrium like main entrance to Donovan Medical Consulting LLC’s lavish headquarters.  The atrium opens up for 12 stories within the belly of the building.  Birds nest and fly within the confines of the atrium. Water mists through the air falling to water the plants and flowers that inhabit the enormous rock brought into the city by way of cargo ship.  “A huge boulder from the foothills of California made the trip through the Panama canal, up the east coast, and then was brought by massive tractors, trucks, and trailers to be the central pillar of our company.  The rock solidness of our country, the United States of America, is also our rock solidness, our guarantee to the investors, the government, and the military.  We guarantee that the products they require are produced in the highest quality possible.”  The tours go by every hour on the hour and annoy the hell out of Frank and most every other employee.  
Frank walks toward the front desk and as he is walking he sees a small dumpy middle eastern man holding a book mumbling to himself something about no need.  Frank pays the man little attention and gets to the desk.  “Yes sir?”  “There should be a woman who is coming in to see me, I want to make sure she gets to my office.”  “Sir, a woman just left for the elevators having been directed to the 44th floor.”  “Shit.”  As Frank turned for the elevators he grabbed his bag and started to jog to the elevator.  After a few steps he slowed to a walk as there were three rather large Russian men coming through the front doors to the building.  Two of the men were laughing loud and hard, slapping their knees and howling in laughter.  The other Russian man was tall, muscular, square jawed, with rusty colored hair, the face of a crook in this neck of the woods.  “Damn crooks are the only ones with any money. Only ones can afford this shit.”  Franks mind snapped to and he remembered his appointment, which the woman was apparently early for.  The ride in an elevator always seems longer when you are in a hurry, as Frank continued to fidget with his watch while the elevator music played on its droning symphony.  The elevator doors open and Frank bolts from the elevator, he jogs down a hallway, around a corner and stops at his office door.  Taking a moment he composes himself the best he can and steps through.  His office is in normal condition, as he notes the lack of dust on anything.  “You have your own bathroom.”  Her words rolled off her tongue with a sultry Russian accent.  Frank’s heart skipped beats upon hearing her voice sound so seductively.  ”Yes I do.  So what can I do for you today Mrs.?” “Anika, Anika Marzina.”
“Ok, Anika, what can I do for you today?”  “I need a surgery done, as soon as humanly possible.”  Anika stood in Frank’s office, her foot tapping the floor, her hand fluttering little wisps of her hair, her impatience showed through her façade.  “What kind of surgery do you think you need this quickly?”  “I need to hide something and the only thing I can think of is to put it inside me.”  Anika pulls from her pocket an aluminum canister an inch in diameter, and six inches long, with a screw on lid.  “This is what I want in my body.”  “What is this?”  Frank took the canister from the woman.  “Why should I do something like this?  It has absolutely no medical value and goes against the medical board and my morals as a doctor and a human.” Frank became very distant and quite nervous.  Anika reached out and took the canister from Frank’s hands.  She looked at Frank while gripping the canister in her hand, “I must get this canister out of the country and back to home land.  Will you help me or not?”  “Why?  I still want to know.  Where would you even want this thing put? Couldn’t you use your ass, or since you are a woman,” Frank gestured towards her crotch, “your built in hiding spot?”  “I’m sorry but I must have it implanted under my skin.  Inner thigh might be a good spot, I not surgeon, so you tell me.”  Anika held her leg out to Frank.  He continued looking her in the eyes, questioning her motives.  “I really don’t think I should do this surgery.  There’s an extreme number of risks involved with a surgery of this type.  Surgical implantation is done on a regular basis, but those items are all and of surgical quality.  This canister looks quite unsanitary and extremely large to be put into your leg.”  “How much would it take for you to perform the surgery?  Name your price.  I must leave the country with this under my skin.”    “Why are you so intent on having this implanted?  You do realize the amount of pain this would cause being inserted into a muscle group, don’t you?  The possibilities for catastrophe are immense.”   “I have my reasons, and they are none of your mind.  You provide a service for me in vhich I will compensate you. Money is no concern, just do it.”  Dr. Rose sat on the corner of his desk, his leg swung slightly from side to side, tapping the desk each time.  “I still can’t help but object.  You intend to just go hop on an airplane after having a major surgery done like this, and fly to, to, to where ever you are going.”  His hands clasped the edge of the desk and his eyes narrowed ever so slightly.  “What’s in that canister?  Why is it so damned important?  Again, there many other ways of doing this, aside from cutting yourself open, shoving that thing in, and sewing you up.”  “You don’t know what the situation is so how can you tell me what is right or wrong?” “Heh heh, well, I am a doctor and a surgeon, so I think I am qualified.”  “Qualified huh? Man are you gonna do it or not?” She reached into the pocket of her massive overcoat and pulled out a stack of money.  “Would 5,000 dollars be enough  as payment for your services?”  Anika took one bundle of money and set it upon the coffee table.  “That enough?  You gonna do this or not Dr. Frank?  If not then I will be on my way and perform the surgery on myself.  It is no bother really.”  She stood near a chair and in mid turn caught her knee on the hardwood arm rest.  “Shit!  Owww, owww, Owww!”  She spun around again and sat her butt into the chair she ran into.  The chairs made of perfectly aged oak with a soft and supple maroon velvet covering every padded point. Frank leaned down to examine her for injury, and finding none he gets up to give the standard routine of questions as to pain.  “Huh… you want me to implant that thing in your leg and hitting your knee hurt that bad?  You wouldn’t make it through the pain, it would eat you alive.”  Anika pulled out another packet of cash from her pocket and threw it on top of the other bundle.  “10,000 dollars?  What you say?”  “You not getting my point, I can’t do this, not for any amount of money.  It goes against everything I believe in as a doctor.  I am sorry.”  Frank stood and walked to his desk.  
As he reached the desk his phone rang, line 1 was blinking on the base as the ringing went on.  He answered the phone to hear, “Dr. Monroe, you are to perform the operation this woman asks.  Do not question this, consider it a direct order from your superiors.  Do you have any questions?”  “Where am I to do this?”  “You are to use operating room 3 in the Clinical Supervision Ward.”  “Which floor is that on?”  “16th floor.  Anything else?”  “I will need an assistant or two to perform this.”  “You will have Dr. Howard assisting you, she has been notified and is on her way to the operating room as we speak.”  “Yes sir.  I will head down right away. Good-bye.”  “Ok, so I guess I AM performing your surgery.  Lets head to the elevators, we have to go to the 16th floor.  I’ll have another doctor assisting me.  Shall we?”  The four Russians all turned and began walking out of the office.  Tesar put his gun in his belt and looked at the doctor.  “Lucky for you your bosses stepped in.” Tesar mumbled to Praza as they passed the doctor.  Frank closed the door to his office and locked it.  Zeleny and Anika stopped ten feet from the doctor, and as he turned he saw Zeleny hand Anika a smaller leather bound book.  She took the book and put it inside her coat, turning and walking down the hall to the elevators.  They rode the elevator to the 16th floor, exited and made their way to operating room 3.  Everyone split off into separate prep rooms to clean and dress for operation.  Dr. Frank stood outside the prep rooms waiting for Dr. Howard.  The elevator door finally opened and out stepped a tall thin redhead with beautiful light pale skin,  the informal shape of the hospital clothes had a flattering effect on her.  She walked from the elevator to Dr. Frank, “Hi Frank, long time huh?”  “Yeah, its been a few months at least.”  Frank shifted his weight uncomfortably from foot to foot, his eyes glancing around a little sheepishly.  “You look good.”  “Frank, you’re sweet.  But you also have horrible tastes in clothing…”  “Oh hah hah, yeah I get it.  But seriously, you look happy.  I’m glad.  You deserve to have some happiness in your life.”  “Well, I am pretty happy.  I haven’t had a relationship in two years and am finally feeling good about myself.”  “That’s good to hear.  Well, I just wanted to make sure you got here.  I’m going to go scrub and glove up.  Meet you in there.”  “See yah in a few.”  
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
Frank washed his arms and hands, put on his operating apron, cap and mask, and he head for the operating room.  The room was just like all the others in the building, square, tall walls, high ceiling, white, mirror along the top of one wall, (obvious two-way mirror), and two cameras monitoring the surgeries.  The lights blared down on the operating table.  The instrument trays were wheeled into position, all the monitoring equipment in place.  The iv bag was hanging on the stand just needing an arm to go into.  Anika walked in in her open backed hospital gown, Zeleny entered the room with her, followed by Dr Shirley Howard.  Anika laid down on the table.  Shirley walked to the cabinets in the corner, tall floor to ceiling cabinets.  Unlocking one and opening the door, she pulled out a small rolling cart that she wheeled to the bedside.  On the cart were syringes, gauze, assorted medical instruments, and anesthesia solutions in bottles.  Zeleny held Anika’s hand as she laid her head back and Frank readied his tools, arranging the scalpels, scissors, needles, staples, thread, and other tools into a nice little order of as needed.  Shirley took Anika’s arm and inserted an iv needle into the back of her right wrist.  Anika winced and wimpered as the needle went into her arm.  Shirley then took a syringe out of its package.  She picked up the bottle of anesthesia fluid and drew eight CCs up into the syringe. She turned the syringe upside down, tapped the side with her finger and depressed the plunger slightly to remove any possible air bubbles. She then took the needle off the syringe and put it aside.  Frank, Zeleny, and Shirley watched as the syringe emptied into her vein, Anika watched the faces surrounding her as they went from concerned to slightly frightened.  The heart rate monitors slowed dramatically.  “Is that normal?”  Zeleny asked out loud.  “None of this is normal, and not very legal. The anesthetics cause one not to feel pain, thus it slows the body’s systems down, hence the lower EKG reading.”  Anika was out, so they began work.  Shirley exposed the leg and washed, shaved, and marked the spot for the insertion.  Frank picked up the scalpel and began cutting her leg along the dashed lines made by Shirley.  The incision made, Frank pushed his fingers into the opening searching for any spot that might be a divot in the muscles of a slight depression.  He wanted a place that would allow the container to be not so noticeable.  Finally dciding upon a spot to put it, Shirley hands him the canister.  Frank takes the canister and slots it into the tiny depression in Anika’s muscle.  The skin is stretched in order to accommodate the large piece of metal.  Gradually the skin gets sewn back together.  With so little fat and skin only staples or stitches are a possibility.  Fifty careful stitches later, ensuring each is nice and strong, the surgery is finished.  Shirley covers the stitches with a gauze bandage and wraps tape over the bandage and around Anika’s thigh.  Zeleny comes back into the room after sitting out for the majority of the surgery.  “How is she?”  Frank turned and looked at Zeleny. “She is fine, it will be about an hour before she wakes up.  If you want to wait outside we’ll let you know when she wakes.”  “I’ll sit here if it’s all the same to you.”  “That’s fine, we have to get cleaned up and remove the tools and instruments.  We will check back shortly.”  Frank looked at the clock on the wall noting the time being 4:39pm.  The procedure had taken four hours, mainly due to removal of tissue and fat to make room for the canister.  Shirley finished wrapping Anika’s thigh, the bulge quite noticeable, and covered her with a blanket.  The sedatives had to wear off which needed time for her body to break the chemicals down in her blood stream.  “The cart needs to be locked up again, anything else important, throw it in there as well and make sure you lock it.”  Frank whispered to Shirley who caught his eye and nodded her approval.  Frank gathered all of the biohazard materials and the used needles and syringes to a bucket, which he took to the drop chute.  He opened the door with the Biohazard sign emblazoned bright and large on the front, he poured the contents in and watched it sink down and disappear into the depths, ending up in the basement incinerator.  He closed the door, set the bucket down, and went to pick up the trays and make sure the life sign monitors were all functioning properly.  Frank and Shirley walked out of the operating room and headed for the prep rooms.  “Holy Shit!  What the fuck did we just do?  I still don’t understand this.”  Shirley looked toward Frank for any comfort he could give.  “Shirley, it’s ok.  Sometimes we have to do things we don’t want to do in order to get through life.  Thank you for doing such a good job and for being so professional.  It made it that much easier for me to be calm.”  “Thanks Frank.  That actually means a lot to me.  Compliments amongst the peers is very slim these days.”  “We can talk more later. Get changed and lets wait for her to wake up in the op. room.”  “Ok.”  They parted into separate prep rooms and changed into their street clothes.  They walked back into the operating room and it was exactly as they had left it except for one major detail.  Anika and Zeleny were gone, here iv taken out of her wrist, the monitoring pads removed from her body, she was wrapped in a blanket and carried from the building.  “Shit, this is great.  I assume she’s alive, he wouldn’t have taken her otherwise.”  Frank was noticeably shaking at the fact that he “lost” a patient in the literal sense of the word.  “You did good Doctors.  That was not an easy procedure.  You will be receiving a promotion for your exemplary work here today.”  The voice came over the intercom, Frank startled looked to the mirrors at the same time as Shirley, there they saw a man silhouetted in the two way mirror.  “Thank you sir.  What would you like us to do now sir?”  Frank motioned to the operating room around him.  “Don’t worry about it, it will be cleaned.  Go home and get some rest.  Again, good job today.”  “Thank you sir.”  Shirley called over her shoulder as she walked towards the door pulling Frank behind her.  The operating room door opened and the two burst through the door.  Very shortly they were in the elevator riding back up to the 44th floor, both looking at the numbers change on the LCD display tapping their feet.  The doors opened and they walked to Frank’s office.  Inside they found the office to be untouched.  It was locked and unchanged since they left.  Frank opened the door and held it for Shirley, “This is my meager little office.  It ain’t much but it’s home…” He chuckled a little and Shirley giggled in response to the stupidity of the joke.  “So, do you feel like getting a drink?”  Frank looked at her expectantly.  “After today, I could use an iv of sedatives.  My mind is scrambled, the fucked up surgery, and a promotion, I feel like my minds in the frying pan.”  “We could go to The Brink, it’s a bit out there but talk about a fun night.”  Frank’s eyes began to glow like a school child’s at Halloween.  “So you know the bar well then?”  Shirley turned to him, “No, I don’t.  I just heard name. What should I wear?  What kind of bar is it?”  “Wear whatever you want.  It is a bar in the middle of a skating rink.  The bar rotates counterclockwise while the rink is stable.  It’s a wild time and it takes less alcohol to get you good and drunk.  Something about the rotation and the possibility of antigravity side-effects or something or another…”  “HAH HAH HAH HAH!  You’re so funny Frank.  Antigravity thingy… HAH HAH, I like that.”  The elevator reached the atrium on the ground floor.  The doors opened and Frank and Shirley walked towards the front doors.  Frank stopped mid way to the door, turned around and stared up at the atrium roof.  “You ok?”  “Shirley reached out for Frank’s shoulder, and as her hand touched him, “What!? Sorry, what?”  “Nothing, just asking how you’re doing.”  “Oh, uhm, sorry, I was just thinking.”  He turned and started walking with Shirley to the exit.  “I just can’t get past the fact that we were ordered to do this today.  What kind of agenda do they have.  What the hell is in that canister?”  “Shhhh.  Don’t talk about it now Frank.”  They exited the building and upon hitting the street were instantly blinded by the sun for a moment before a cloud obscured it and diminished its intensity.  “So I’ll call you?” Shirley looked at Frank, “Sure, give me a call at nine and we will see what happens.”  With a wink and a nod, Shirley ran off down the street to catch a bus home.
Frank sat at the bar in his usual spot.  Being the only one of its kind in the world, The Brink held a special place in his heart from childhood on through being an adult.  Very happy times rekindle with each visit to the bar or to the rink. “Hey you.” Shirley pops up behind Frank.  “Shit!  Damn woman, you scared the shit out of me.  Good to see you, what you drinking’?”  “What do they have on tap?  I need a beer and a shot or two.” She scans the bar for the taps, finally finding them extra close to her hands.  “Uhh, lets see, I’ll have a Guinness tall and two shots of Tequila, preferably 1800 straight, no lime or salt.”  “You’re right it was a hard day. Oleg make that 4 shots.”  Frank chimed in, he swiveled back and forth on the bar stool.  The shots were laid on the bar in front of them.  They each took a shot glass and held it aloft.  “Here is to good medical judgment, doing what we are told, and to many ways a person can save another’s.”  Shirley says, then taking her drink, tosses it into her mouth and swallows it.  “If it was better Tequila, I might think about sipping it. Needs to be good alcohol.”  Shirley shrugged her shoulders listlessly, looking over her shoulder at the rest of the bar.  “I’m ready for the weekend now, hopefully I don’t get called in for an emergency.  Seems to always happen if I plan something out ahead of time.”  “That’s the way of the world though.  Like today, I thought I was coming to work to do a normal pre-op, but end up being forced into that surgery.  We are constantly pushed around in life, everyone is always trying to step on each other, just to get a couple inches ahead of the next guy.”  “Yeah, there seems to be too much power and greed in the world these days.  When I went through med school, there was still humanity to medicine.  Now we are just puppets for the corporate jack asses.”  “Those corporate jackasses pay our bills”  “That’s my point.  We are slaves to those fat assholes up on the 55th floor who have no concept of humanity.  They don’t have to look into these people’s eyes while WE perform these unwarranted and unnecessary surgeries.  I’ve been feeling more and more like a butcher with each surgery I’m forced to perform.”  Frank looked at his hands which were balled into fists on the bar in front of him.  The drinks were set in front of them with a gentle “clink” and a solid thunk as the glasses hit the bar.  “Here’s to living life.”  “Here’s to humanity.”  Shirley and Frank touched their shot glasses together, raised their arms, and tossed the shot of tequila into their mouths and gulped it down.  “AHHHHHHH!  That’s what I’m talking about!”  Frank slams his fist on the bar, the glasses rattling together with the force of his fist slamming into the bar.  Shirley puckers her face as the after effect of the shot hit her.  “Whooo!  That’s some good shit.”  Shirley tossed her hair back and laughed at the ceiling.  “What’s up?”  Frank looked inquisitively at her.  “Nothing really.  Just thinking about Zeleny and how white he looked when you started to cut her leg open.  I haven’t seen that since med school.  He ran like a scared little child.”  Her laugh infected Frank who began chortle.  “HAH HAH.  That was really funny.  I’m glad I didn’t slip with the knife, I couldn’t help but start laughing when I saw his face.”  Frank looked around the bar at the couple of people sitting pouring over their drinks.  “Nice and mellow night, I like it this way here.  Usually this place is jamming and there isn’t anywhere to stand at the bar.  Have you been here before?”  Shirley turned on her stool to look at Frank.  “I haven’t been here since I was in grade school. We would come here for skating every other week.  It’s amazing how little places change over time.  The rink looks exactly the same as I remember.”  “I was here so much as a kid, they gave me a my own locker.  I thought I was hot shit, thought I was special.  Heh heh, my first kiss was here.”  Frank was looking at Shirley when his eye caught movement behind and to the left of her head.  “OH FUCK!”  “What?  What’s up?”  Shirley asked Frank, hers eyes narrowing trying to see into the blackness of the rink.  “Zeleny just walked in with Tesar and Praza.  I don’t see Anika anywhere.  See”, Frank pointed over her shoulder to the door, “they are right there.”  Shirley turned her head to look behind her.  “Tesar and Praza seem to be in a good mood.  Zeleny looks a little bit pissed off.”  Frank and Shirley turned around and both took up their second shot.  “Here’s to stress release.”  Frank said, their arms moved and they threw the shots into their throats simultaneously.  Zeleny walked towards the bar with Tesar and Praza a few steps behind.  Zeleny walked up to Frank and Shirley, his eyes peering intently around the bar and rink.  “Doctor, have you seen Anika tonight?”  “I haven’t seen her since you took her from the operating room this morning.  She could be anywhere right now, this is a huge city.”  Frank took his beer from the bar and stood from the stool.  He turned to Zeleny who stood at least six inches taller than Frank.  “You want a beer?”  “That’s ok.  We’re looking for Anika.”  “Zeleny, let’s drink.”  Tesar was elbowing Praza in the side, who turned and winked at his brother.  “I have to go to the bathroom, Frank do you know where the restroom is?” Shirley looked to Frank, she motioned with her eyes for him to follow her.  “Yeah, uhm, sure, let me show you where the restroom is, I should probably go myself.  This beer goes right through me.”  Frank stood and took Shirley’s hand and lead her off the bar platform and towards the restroom.  “Thanks Frank.  I didn’t feel comfortable there.  Something about Tesar and Praza that just set me on edge.”  “I know what you mean.  I don’t like the looks of them either.  Something about them screams “CAUTION”, and I’m not sure what exactly it is about them, but they are semi familiar.”  Frank and Shirley split off into their respective restroom.  Frank walked from the men’s room and stood waiting for Shirley, his foot tapping on the ground in time to the music.  “Ready?” Shirley straightened her clothes as she walked from the restroom. “Yeah, let’s go finish our drinks.”  As they walked to the bar Zeleny, Tesar, and Praza looked at them and moved from around Frank and Shirley’s seats.  The three Russians stepped aside and let Frank sit.  They looked around the bar and walked to the stools next to Frank and Shirley.  “Hey, Shirley, check it out.  On the other side of the bar.  It’s Anika, she’s ok.”  Frank motioned to the bar past Zeleny.  “Damn, she’s walking around with that thing in her leg.  That’s got to be uncomfortable.  Look at who she’s with.  That guy looks like a government official.”  “He sure does.  She doesn’t look too happy right now.”  Shirley had moved closer the Frank as to talk softer.  “What’d you think they’re talking about?”  Frank looked at Zeleny then at Anika.  Zeleny was obviously watching Anika and the agent guy, occasionally his head would turn to look at Tesar and Praza.  “Check out this guy on my right.”  Shirley motioned behind her to a man sitting at the bar drinking a beer.  Next to him stood a thin, waiflike, overly gay roller skater who was clearly annoying the man.  The skater was talking non stop in a clear high pitched voice with extreme overtones of masculinity.  “You have got to listen in on this shit next to me.  The poor guy doesn’t seem to know what to do about the kid.  Look how uncomfortable he is.”  Shirley had started to chuckle at the misfortune of the man, as Frank turned to her.  “So, what do you think is in that canister?  I’m still really curious.”  “I highly doubt we’ll ever find out.”  Shirley replied.  The gay skater began gesturing wildly with his arms, his voice raising to a crescendo, and the poor man sitting next to him put his head down close to his drink in an attempt to hide in any way possible.  Frank looked past Shirley to watch the spectacle being made.  Oleg was busy washing glasses in a sink in between customers and he began to get irritated by the skater.  The little skater was almost yelling as he told the poor man about how proud he is of his ability to, “suck a dick like a pro”, at which Oleg dried his hands and walked across the bar to the skater.  “Rue, is this little FUCK bothering you?  Do I need to make an example of him?”  The little skater boy replied with an apathetic voice that set Oleg off.  “Look here you little fuck!  Either you remove yourself from the building now, or you will be removed.” Oleg turned and as he walked away Frank and Shirley heard him mutter, “yeah out dead or alive.”  Oleg went back to what he was doing at the sink.  Frank looked at Shirley, “That was awesome.  I love it, dead or alive.  Sounds almost like our bosses.”  “Nah, that’s in insult to Oleg.  He’s nothing like our bosses.”  They both laughed heavily for a while until, both in tears they turned back to the bar.  “Hey, look. She’s right there next to Zeleny.” Shirley whispered as Zeleny  is getting his things and throwing money on the counter.  Anika and Zeleny walk off the rotating platform onto the skating rink.  “Wonder where they’re goin?” Frank nudges Shirley and winks.  “You never know, stranger things have happened.  I know they’ve happened to me before.”  “ Frank smiles at Shirley, when suddenly Shirley’s face and body stiffened.  Frank turned around to see Anika and Zeleny becoming engulfed my roller skaters. It was as if the entire rink had surrounded the two people.  Shirley put her hand on Frank’s shoulder, her nails digging in, his shoulder tensed in response.  The roller skaters started to diminish and as they thinned out the form of Zeleny fell to the floor.  Shirley tightened her grasp on Frank’s shoulder.  Anika fell to the floor and hugged Zeleny as her cries were killed by the music blaring through the building.  Anika stood up, the moment she stood, her body went limp and she fell onto Zeleny’s body.  “What the fuck…” Frank mumbled, “all that work and now she’s dead.”  Shirley looked at Frank in amazement. “What?  Did you mean that?  Hey look at that guy.”  Shirley pointed to the man who sat next to Anika who was standing, donning his coat.  The man walked towards Frank and Shirley, turning before he got to Tesar and Praza who were belligerently drunk, and walked to the bodies lying in a heap on the rink floor.  “Hey, watch this.  He is going to the bodies.  The guy on the other side of you just got up and is walking around the bar the other way.  This is weird.”  Frank motioned across the bar to Rue walking towards the man’s vacated seat.  Frank watched the man lean over the bodies, his hands roaming one body until they stopped suddenly.  His hand went to his pocket, pulling out a large knife he cuts into the body, Frank sees the metal canister be pulled from the body and wiped clean on its clothes.  “Shirley, did you see that?  He just took the canister we implanted today.  What the fuck is going on.  What was that thing.  What the hell is in it.”  Rue began walking towards the bodies from the bar as the man stood and walked to the exit.  Frank looked at Tesar and Praza who were completely inebriated and close to incoherence.  He turned back to Shirley, “Are you almost ready to go.  I don’t want to have to answer questions for hours.  Specially since we did the operation.  You ready?”  “Yeah, probably a good idea.  Let’s get outta here.”  Shirley picked up her things and put her coat on.  Frank put on his coat, grabbed some money and threw it on the bar.  “Thanks Oleg.  Great as always.”  Frank called to Oleg, waving his hand in goodbye, who stood on the other side of the bar.  Frank and Shirley walked off the bar platform and wobbled their way to the exit.
6105 words section 
*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
Coral ran across the bar and jumped onto Lydia.  Lydia Carison was Corals best friend in high school.  “So how long has it been this time girl?”  “What, a year this time?  It seems like so much more has happened.”  “You look so good.  I can’t believe this is you.  I’m impressed.”  “Thanks Lydia.  It means a lot to hear someone say it, aside from myself in my own head. So, what are you doing here?”  “Oh, we were just coming out to have a girl’s night out.  We haven’t been able to do that in months and it used to be a bi-weekly thing.  So how have you been?”  “I’ve been good, come on and sit down.  Let’s get you a drink.”  Coral and Lydia walked past Rue and Lydia sat with two empty seats between them.  Coral opted to sit on the opposite side of Lydia leaving two open seats between Rue and Lydia. Coral watched as a skinny gay guy dressed in a yellow skin tight t-shirt and tiny little shorts that exposed a bit to much of his “man” hood.  “Hey,” Coral motioned Lydia to come close, “check out the gay guy behind you.  I think he’s hitting on Rue. This is gonna be funny.”  Lydia turned and looked in the direction of Rue.  She turned back to Coral giggling then laughing.  “That’s great.  That little shit doesn’t know what he’s in for.  Rue might fuck him up if he isn’t careful.”  “I don’t think Rue would do something like that.  Unless he had good reason to I don’t think he would do anything.”  “Yeah, with a reason he will do just about anything, heh heh heh.”  Lydia continued laughing as Coral stopped and looked towards the entrance of the building.  Lydia continued laughing for a moment then realized that Coral was silent, she turned her head and looked to see what Coral was looking at.  She saw three men enter the building.  The one walked in first followed by the other two.  They got a little closer to the bar and Lydia heard Coral gasp.  “What?”  Lydia looked to Coral.  “I just realized who that is.  I couldn’t be sure till he got into the light.  Oh shit.”  Coral buried her face in her hands and leaned over the bar.  Lydia leaned close to her ear, “Who’s that and what’s wrong?”  “That’s my ex-boyfriend Zeleny.  We were together for about four months off and on.  Where is he?”  Her hands muffled the words coming from her hands.  Lydia looked around, “He is walking up to the bar now, he is walking to the couple sitting by Rue.  He is talking to the man.  Now he and the other two are sitting on the other side of the couple.”  Coral lifted her head from her hands and looked around the bar, then she looked at Lydia.  “So, we met at a bar over on the south side and we hit it off pretty fast.  His Russian is amazing and he has a very good grasp of English.”  “Yeah but that’s not all that kept you with him.  Come on woman, fess up.”  Lydia nudged Coral’s arm. “Alright, he was quite large and very good.  I mean good again and again.  Anytime, anyplace, as long as we were alone.”  “So what happened?  Why did you two break up? He looks like quite a catch to me.”  Lydia salivated over Zeleny sitting around the bar from her.  “Well, I didn’t know that he had a fiancé the entire time we dated.” Niklas was almost yelling as he expounded to Rue, about how proud he is of his ability to, “suck a dick like a pro”, at which Oleg dried his hands and walked across the bar to Niklas.  “Rue, is this little FUCK bothering you?  Do I need to make an example of him?”  The little skater boy replied with an apathetic voice that set Oleg off.  “Look here you little fuck!  Either you remove yourself from the building now, or you will be removed.” Oleg turned and as he walked away Carol heard him mutter, “yeah out dead or alive.”  Oleg went back to what he was doing at the sink.  Carol watched as the little gay skater kid rolled off to the wall to gather his things.  Sobbing could be heard as he rolled off of the bar.  Lydia looked at Carol, “What the fuck?  Who was that guy?”  “I don’t know.  Looks like a typical person for this kinda place though.”  “Oh great and speaking of, there she is.  Christ!”  Carol pointed to the door and Lydia turned to see a man and woman walking towards the bar.  “That’s her huh?”  “Yeah, that’s Anika, his fiancé.  One thing though is that he cheated on someone like her, with someone like me.  I mean come on.  She’s gorgeous and he picked me to be with over her.”  “You do have a good point there.  He did go slumming to find you…” Lydia paused and looked at Coral with a smile plastered on her face.  “Oh shut up bitch.”  Coral turned her head a little bit to watch Anika and a man sit at the bar directly opposite them with the DJ stand between them.  “Oleg, Egor, Someone, get me another round!”  Coral yelled out to anyone who would listen.  Egor came up to them and poured them each two more shots.  Coral took her shot and tossed it down her throat, slammed the glass on the bar, and demanded another shot.  “Gimme another on Egor.”  Lydia tossed her shot into her mouth and set hers down for a refill while swallowing her shot slower.  “Here ya go.”  Egor walked to take care of other customers elsewhere around the bar.  “So you wanted to do something?”  Lydia swayed in her seat as the alcohol started to hit her, like a train hitting a parked car.  She swayed and wobbled around.  Coral had trouble concentrating on what she was doing.  She needed to figure out if one of them could drive them home.  Coral saw in her inebriated state that Anika was standing next to Zeleny.  All of a sudden Oleg came over to the bar and They talked for a minute then Zeleny got up and paid his tab.  Coral picked Lydia’s head up from her arm where it lay on the bar.  “Lydia?  Are you there?  Come on girl.”  Coral shook Lydia trying to wake her up, to no avail.  She continued to watch Zeleny and Anika who were now walking out into the rink towards the exit.  Coral watched as the skaters began to mass around the two then suddenly hew view was blocked by the DJ stand.  When she could see again the skaters were mostly gone and there remained Zeleny on the floor and Anika falling on top of him.  Coral’s eye’s would not leave the sight of Anika standing and then her legs giving out and her body slumping into pile on top of Zeleny.  All she could do was sit at the bar with her hand on Lydia’s shoulder, her mouth agape, and a blank expression on her face. She noticed the man who sat next to Anika had moved and was walking towards the bodies laying in the middle of the roller skating rink.  Rue at the same time walked past her and continued despite her, “Rue, wait.”  He continued walking around the bar, and Coral looked towards the bodies and saw the man cut the woman’s leg and pull out a little canister and wiped it off on her clothes.  He looked at the canister for a moment then put it in his coat pocket.  “Are you watching this Lydia?  Zeleny and Anika just dropped.  The guy just cut something out of her leg.  What the hell is going on?”  Lydia was passed out on her arm with no awareness of anything going on.  Coral looked for Rue but he happened to be behind the DJ tower from her.  She looked down to pick up her purse which had fallen to the floor.  When she raised her head back up she saw the Rue was walking towards the bodies and the other man was walking towards the door.  “Lydia, get up.  Come on woman, we have to get out of here now.  Come on, I’ll drive you home.  Where are your keys?”  Coral got no response so she looked for her keys and found them in Lydia’s purse.  “What color is your car, what kind? Huh?”  Coral shook Lydia harder trying to wake her up.  Lydia finally stirred enough for Coral to ask, “What car is yours?”  “White Toyota Camry.  Parked under lamp post.”  Lydia passed back out again.  Coral gathered hers and Lydia’s things and called Egor, “Egor, can you give me a hand.”  “What you need”  “Could you carry her out to her car so I can drive her home please?  Pretty please?”  Coral looked at the big man and fluttered her eyes at him.  “Mmm, mmm K.”  “Yes?  Oh thank you thank you thank you.”  Coral jumped up and grabbed Egor and kissed him on the cheek.  Egor came around the bar and picked Lydia up like a rag doll and carried her towards the exit.  “I think she’s out back.”  Lydia pointed to the other exit.  She turned and began walking towards the exit.  She watched as Rue exited through the other exit and kept walking towards the exit.  She pushed the doors open and held them for Egor carrying Lydia who lumbered through the doors.  Coral turned and ran to get ahead of Egor as she looked for the whit Camry by a light post, and there it was right where she said it was.  Coral stepped to the door and unlocked it.  She ran to the passenger side and opened the door for Egor to put Lydia in.  “Thank you so much Egor.”  Coral gave Egor another kiss on the cheek.  His face got red and flushed and he backed away stammering over his words, “You, you, you’re wel, you’re welcome.”  He turned around and walked back into The Brink and back to the bar to serve more drinks.
*	*	*
Will and Denise Stuckert had just finished moving into their new apartment ten blocks from down town.  Will intends on obtaining a job with Donovan Medical Consulting in their research and development department.  Denise wants to become a legal receptionist, maybe see if the FBI has any openings.  They finished moving the last box into the apartment and sat on the couch for a breather.  “What time is it?”  Will looked to Denise who replied, “eight fifteen.”  “So what do you wanna do?  I could use some breakfast.”  “Denise walked over to where Will sat, “I could use a drink.”  “We can wait on that till this afternoon.  I’m beat after all this moving the past few days.  I just wanna do something relaxing.”  “Well… hmm… let’s see, we could go out to eat at a restaurant, then we could see what we feel like doing.  You want breakfast or lunch?”  Will sat up on the couch and thought hard for a few moments then said, “I think I want breakfast.  Sounds better.  Yeah Breakfast it is.”  “Ok.  Let’s see, where do you want to eat?”  “I don’t know if you would want to eat at this place but it sounds sooo good to me right now.”  “What?  Tell me and I might be willing to try it out.”  “Uhhh, well, it’s called The Gravy Pit.  They make killer biscuits and gravy.  You’ll like their chicken fried steak with your choice of one of their gravies.”  “Ok, so what’s there not to like about this place?” “It’s out on the north side, along the interstate, and it is a trucker and biker restaurant.  It can get a little bit rowdy in there sometimes.”  Will stood up from the couch and straightened his fleece jacket.  Denise looked at him and with a grin on her face said, “Sounds like a fun place for once in this boring city.”  “You’re a wild one Denise.”  They grabbed their keys and wallets and walked out the door locking it behind them.  They walked to the elevators at the end of the hallway and waited for the elevator to stop.  Will checked his hair in the mirror on the wall.  “Ahh Mr. Vanity himself.”  Denise poked at him.  “I have to look my best for the legions of adoring fans that flock to me.”  Will’s grin said more than his words as to the true depths of depravity he harbors in his soul.  “Not the best way to get a job that’s top secret.”  The elevator stopped and they rode it down to the lobby.  The 28 story drop took very little time or so it seemed.  They stepped out into the ground floor and walked towards the front door.  The valet service saw them coming and had their car pulled up to the front of the building for them.  The front doors were opened as they neared and the car was waiting already running and ready to go.  Down the steps and across the sidewalk and they were in the car.  The Cadillac was plush and soft to the touch.  When it hit a bump it absorbed it like a pillow.  The car seemed to actually float along the rode.  Will loved the car with much passion.  Denise’s fondness for it was a lot more simple as she just liked it as a means of transportation.  They pulled out onto the street and headed to the north side of the city.  It took them a good forty five minutes to get to The Gravy Pit.  They parked in the front next to a bunch of Harley’s and trucks with trailers were parked out back.  The Cadillac stuck out like a sore thumb in front of the restaurant.  Will and Denise got out of the car and he locked the doors as they walked in the front door.  When they walked in everyone turned and looked at them.  Not that the people in the restaurant hadn’t ever seen anyone who looked like Will and Denise, just not in this setting.  As they stood waiting to be seated a waitress came over to them, ”Seat fer two of yahs?”  “Yes, two.” Will felt a little uncomfortable saying much of anything out loud.  They followed the waitress to a booth in the corner where she tossed their menus on the table and asked, “Somethin ta drink?”  Will looked at the menu, turned it over and found the drinks listed.  “I’ll have a coffee and large orange juice.”  Denise looked at her menu then at the waitress. “Can I get the same as him please?  Thanks.”  “Shur thang.”  Will leaned in to Denise and muttered, “That is one haggard bitch if I ever seen one.  Did you see her teeth.  Ick.  Check your food when it gets here for missing teeth.”  “Eww, that’s sick. Now you are gonna make me think about that all meal long now.  Bastard.”  Will opened the menu and looked through the items as Denise did the same, still cringing from the thought of the teeth.  “I’m getting the French toast and biscuits and gravy.”  “The chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy.”  “Ok that was easy now all we need is the waitress again. Ahh.”  Will moved the napkin and silverware out of the way.  The waitress came with their drinks and set them on the table.  She had a name tag that read Ernestine.  “Wow, your name is Ernestine?  That’s your first name right?”  Will looked at Denise for confirmation of how good his question was.  Denise continued to look at their waitress.  “It’s ma first name.  I’s born in Georgia.  You folks figured out what ya want then?”  “Yes we have.  I’ll have the French toast and a biscuits and gravy.”  “And I’ll have the chicken fried steak and a biscuits and gravy as well.”  “That all fer ya folks?”  “That’ll do I think.”  “Alright, it’ll be a bit before it’s ready.”  “Thanks Ernestine.” Denise said as she walked away to the kitchen.  “That is some straight from the south Ozarks, backwoods weird ass shit.  She’s pretty haggard.”  Will looked at Denise in astonishment at the words that came out of her mouth.  “Wow, where’d that come from?”  Will looked at her bewildered by what he had just heard.  “I haven’t heard you talk that way about a person, especially to their back like that.”  “There’re a lot of things about me you don’t know yet Will.  Don’t you think that’s part of the fun of a relationship.  If you knew everything about a person, there wouldn’t be any surprises, no fun in the relationship.”  Denise stirred the sugar and cream into her coffee, her eyes following the swirl of foam on top.  Will stared at her for a minute then asked, “So, do I get to find out these dirty little secrets of yours sometime?”  “Yes.  Sometime.  Eventually.”  Will’s expression changed from a grin to agape in an instant.  He remained silent just staring at her, unsure of what to say.  He looked down at his coffee contemplating a response.  Denise looked out the window at all the motorcycles parked all around their Cadillac.  “You notice how out of place we are here?”  Will turned his head and looked out at the motorcycles and declared, “Nothing to worry about.  We’re perfectly safe here.  No one will mess with us.”  Denise shifted in her seat, avoiding eye contact with Will. “It’s not that I’m hiding anything bad from you, just things in my life that I’ve done.  I’m not to terribly proud of ‘em.”  “You do realize that by being married, I loose any and all judgment over what you did in your life prior to our marriage.  I don’t really care what you did.  Now if it affects our relationship or these things come back to haunt you, then it does involve me so I have to take part and do something.”  “Ok, let’s change the subject for now, I’m getting in a bad mood because of this.  So, have you thought about calling Donovan to find out if they have decided on your job?”  “I have.  I just wanted to give them as much time as possible to look it over, check my references, and all that jazz.  I’ll try calling later today. And you, what about your search for the secretarial job with the FBI?”  “I have my application in and am waiting on a return call for my interview.  Hopefully they will call me today as well.”  Denise looked at her watch and then turned to look at the kitchen.  She turned back to look at Will.  “Looks like our food just came up.  Yep there’s the bell.”  Will heard the ring of the bell that signifies food is ready to be served.  Ernestine walked to the window to the kitchen and grabbed their food.  She walked to their table and plopped their plates in front  them, she then threw the bill down and stalked away to the kitchen.  “She’s sure a happy little ray of sunshine today.  Normally she’s pretty nice and friendly, I wonder what’s up today?”  Will looked after Ernestine imagining all kinds of scenes playing out in his head.  Everything from a bullet to the head to anal rape by a midget clown.  He shook his head to try and clear the images from his mind and from in front of his eyes.  “One of these days she’s gonna get fucked up by one of these bikers that roam through here.  This place has been the same since I can remember.  And to think of it, so has Ernestine.”  “How long have you come here?  This is the first time you’ve brought me here.”  “I used to come here all the time when I was younger.  Our dealer met us in the bathroom twice a week.  That was when I was doing two hundred a week.  We would come in Mondays and Thursdays and sit at the bar and get coffee and toast, the guy would show up, we would walk into the men’s room and make the deal.”  Will stirred his lukewarm coffee, tapped the spoon on the rim of the cup, and set the spoon down.  “So this is the place you told me about.  Ding ding ding.  Finally the place you’ve mentioned so many times.”  Denise slapped her open hand to her forehead.  “This is it.  Nine years ago last Tuesday was the last time I came here for dope.  After that was the rehab that helped me kick it.”  “You never told me where you got the money for all the dope.  I know what I would do for a fix, anything.  What would you do?”  “Let’s put it this way, I’ve done everything that you could conjure into your head for my next fix.”  He sighed deep and long. “Ok, enough of this talk, I’m getting a bit depressed being back here thinking about all that.  I need to piss.  I’ll be back in a minute.”  “Ok.  Have fun.”  Denise smiled at Will as he slid out of the booth and stood up, then walked to the bathroom door.  Denise continued working on her chicken fried steak picking at it  and cutting fat and grizzle off.  Will came back from the bathroom and slid back into the booth. “Everything ok babe?”  “Yeah, I’m fine.  I just can’t stop thinking about what I used to be.  I’ve come a long ways in the last four years.”  “You and I both.  Remember that we did this together.  I wasn’t going to sit by and watch you waste away to nothing while I got sober and healthy again.”  Will reached his hand out across the table and Denise took it in hers.  “Thank you Will.  Without you I wouldn’t have kicked.”  “And without you I wouldn’t have kicked either.  I needed your support like you needed mine.  I love you and want you to be with me forever, that’s why I married you.”  Denise began to cry and tears ran down her face, falling onto her chicken fried steak, and her cheeks flushed rosy red.  They finished eating their food with out saying much, being to busy eating to talk.  Outside the restaurant a black Mercedes pulled up and parked at the end of the row of Harley’s.  Out of the car climbed Tesar and Praza.  Tesar locked the car and put the keys in his pocket as they walked to the front doors.  They entered and Ernestine lead them to the table next to Will and Denise.  Tesar and Praza sat at the table and were talking very loudly in Russian.  Tesar saying to Praza, “What the fuck are we eating?  I’m starved.  I want meat, and lots of it.  Now would be a good time.”  Praza flipped through the menu and then back looking briefly at all the items listed.  “I’m getting the French toast and a ham steak.”  Tesar had found the breakfast steaks and was drooling over them when Ernestine walked up to the table.  “What ya’all want to drink?”  Tesar spoke for both of the brothers as Praza couldn’t speak American English.  “He’ll have the French toast with a ham steak and coffee.  I’ll have the 12oz steak and eggs breakfast and coffee.”  His broken English still understandable to Ernestine as she wrote everything down on her order pad.  She walked back to the counter and put the ticket on the order wheel in the window to the kitchen.  Grabbing the full coffee pot and coffee cups she walked back to the table and poured Tesar and Praza’s coffee.  She then went to Will and Denise, “Mo’ coffee?”  “Yes please.”  Will moved his cup to the edge of the table for her to fill as Denise follow suit.  “Thanks.”  Denise looked at Will and rolled her eyes as Tesar and Praza began yelling at each other in Russian.  Will looked at Denise, her irritation showing on her face, then to Tesar and Praza.  Being to busy arguing with one another to notice Will’s gaze, Will cleared his throat in an attempt to get their attention.  The brother didn’t stop arguing so Will tried clearing his throat a little bit louder, but the brothers continued on unabated.  Will looked around the restaurant for anyone to help him plead his case but all the people seemed to absorbed in their own conversations to even hear the men yelling at each other.  Finally having had enough of the incessant yelling, Will slid to the edge of the booth seat.  Denise reached her arm across the table and grabbed a hold of Will’s arm.  “What the hell do you think you’re doing?  Are you nuts?  They will kill you, just look at them.”  “All I want is for them to be just a little bit more quiet.  I am going to be diplomatic.  Trust me.”  Will stood from the booth and took the three steps to Tesar and Praza’s table.  “Excuse me,” Will interrupted, “I was wondering if you might be able to talk a little bit quieter.  Not just for myself and my wife, but for everyone here.  Would that be possible?”  Will directed his words at Tesar who he had heard speak English earlier.  “What?” Tesar asked, turning and looking up at Will.  Will suddenly noticed the rest of the restaurant had become eerily silent, all the conversations died, just the sound of the kitchen as food continued to be made.  Ernestine stood with her hand on the phone ready to dial 911 at the slightest threat.  “I said, could you please lower your voices a little bit, not just for my wife and I but for everyone here in the restaurant.”  Upon finishing Will turned and drew his arm through the air as example to show the people around the restaurant that were being bothered.  Tesar and Praza both looked around the restaurant and then looked back at Will.  Tesar looked at Will for a moment longer, then he turned his eyes back towards Praza and they began yelling in Russian again, at the same volume as before.  Will went to his seat and sat down  “Don’t worry about it Will.  You’re lucky that he just ignored you.  Hopefully that means he won’t fuck with you.  Just sit here and finish your food.”  Denise was looking sternly into Will’s eyes.  “Yeah, alright.  Let’s just eat and get outta here.”  “Yes, let’s.”  They sat and ate their food in silence and upon finishing slid out of the booth and gathered their things to leave.  Tesar and Praza were still being just as loud, then Tesar spoke in English, “You meaningless piece of shit.  We could squash you like a bug.  Are you ready to die?”  Tesar’s glaring gaze penetrated Will to his core and he started shaking with nervousness.  “Hey man, it’s ok.  I just asked politely if you could talk a little quieter. That’s all.”  “I heard what you said.  And I say it one more time, are you ready to die?”  Will looked into Tesar’s eyes and felt the colness of his stare.  “No I’m not ready to die.”  “Then you leave now.”  “We were on our way out.  Come on let’s go.”  “That’s it.  Turn your back to me.  You’re never sure what a person will do behind your back.  How you know I have no gun?”  With that Will pulled money from his wallet and threw it on the table, he grabbed Denise by the arm and pulled her along behind him as they ran for the car.  They got to the car and Will unlocked the doors, they then climbed into the car and he started the engine.  As Will was beginning to back out of the parking spot, “Oh shit.  Stop.  I have to go back in.  I forgot my sweater.”  Denise went to open the door and Will yelled at her, “Don’t you dare!”  “What? Don’t I dare? How dare YOU!”  Denise opened the door despite the car moving backwards.  When she threw open the door it swung out quickly and slammed into one of the Harley’s.  The smash made quite a racket and everyone in the restaurant looked out the windows to see what had caused it.  Denise gasped and closed the door quickly.  “Go.  Just back out and drive off fast.  GO!”  Will backed out of the parking spot and shifted into drive, he hit the accelerator and spun the tires in the gravel which threw rocks up in a rooster tail behind the Cadillac.  Denise turned and looked out the rear window to see many rocks flying thru the air and hitting motorcycles and breaking windows on the Russian brothers car.  The driver’s side windows both front and back, and the windshield all were broken by the rocks.  People streamed out of the restaurant and they yelled and screamed and cussed at the Stuckerts as they sped away towards the city.  Tesar and Praza were furious as they ran up to the car to inspect the damage.  “What the hell do you think you were doing?  Opening the door while the car is moving.  Damn it woman!”  “Serves those guys right going and messing with us.  Assholes.”   “Well those assholes are going to be looking for us now.  You do realize that don’t you?”  Denise looked at Will’s profile while he drove, contemplating what to say next until, “Kinda hard for them to drive the car around with three missing windows.  As long as we get home and can park in the garage we shouldn’t have any trouble.”  “Valet takes care of it remember?”  “Shit, that’s right.  It’s gonna take me a while to get used to this place.”  “That’s why I picked it out over all the rest.  If a person spends that much money on a home, you want it to be right.”  “Do you hear me complaining?”  “No, but just to assuage any arguments, you’re worth it.”  Will reached his hand out for Denise’s and held it while resting his arm on the center console.  They pulled up to the front of their building and the valets opened their doors and one jumped into the driver’s seat and before he closed the door Will leaned over the door and said to the valet, “Can you park it in the garage out of sight?”  “Yes sir.  I’ve got a few spots open in the depths.”  He grimaced and pointed his finger down as if to say beneath them.  Will walked after Denise who was already heading for the main door.  He caught up to her and walked thru the door being held open for them.  The warmth of the ground floor lobby hit them like a wave washing over a boulder.  They walked casually through the lobby and up to the elevators.  They entered the first open elevator , Will turned and pushed the 28th floor button which lit up in response.  Other people got in and pushed various buttons which lit up as well.  The doors closed and the elevator pushed upwards, stopping at  three floors before theirs.  The doors opened at the 28th floor and Will and Denise stepped out and walked down the hallway to their door.  They walked down the hall to their door where Will unlocked and opened the door.  The elevator had stayed open and as Denise walked through the door she noted the open elevator door.  She paused for a moment, stuck her head back out into the hallway and looked at the elevator again.  The doors still stood open, the people standing inside looked normal enough, and she withdrew and closed the door behind her.  “The elevator doors stayed open until after we got in the house.  The never happens, they always close before we open the door.”  Denise, still standing in the entryway right behind the door, reached out and locked the door.  She held the door knob and raised her self up on her toes to see through the peephole.  The fish eye lens revealing the entire section of hallway, she saw a figure with light colored hair and black clothes  walk down the hallway and stop at their door.  He looked both directions, and as the doors to the elevator closed, he reached his hand out and grabbed the doorknob.  Denise looked down to see the doorknob jiggle as he tried opening the door.  Denise stepped back from the door as gently as her body would allow.  She was two steps from the door when she turned and ran to the kitchen where Will was pulling a cork from a bottle of wine.  “You want a glass hon?”  “Will, there’s a man at the door and he’s trying to get in.”  Her breathlessness told him that she was serious.  “What?  Right now?”  Will looked towards the front door where he saw the shadow under the front door of the man’s form.  Will walked towards the front door.  His careful steps on the carpeted floor made no sound.  He stepped to the door and raised his eye to the peephole.  The man had both hands by the door handle and was working them around with tools in his hands.  Will looked down as the doorknob jiggled then the lock began to turn open.  Will looked at the peephole then at the doorknob.  His eyes glanced around the door and he focused on the deadbolt which sat unlocked, reflecting the light from the kitchen behind him.  He reached his hand out and grabbed the deadbolt handle.  The lock in the center of the door knob was almost completely unlocked as Will turned the handle of the deadbolt.  His eye to the peephole and his hand turning the deadbolt, Will watches as the slight click of the deadbolt engaging makes the figure jump slightly.  He continued on with his working and fiddling until the doorknob became unlocked.  The man put his tools in his jacket pocket and then one hand went to the doorknob, the other hand slid inside his jacket as he turned the doorknob.  Will watched through the peephole as the man pushed on the door fully expecting it to give.  The man steps back from the door and readies himself to ram the door with his shoulder.  Will turned and looked to the kitchen where Denise was standing at the corner between the kitchen and entryway.  He turned back to the door and braced his body for the impending impact.  The resounding crash of the man’s weight impacting the door.  Will shuddered as the impact shook his form.  He reached down for the doorknob and locked the door again as the man stepped back to take another run at the door.  Will turned and looked to Denise, his whispered voice barely reaching her, “Call 911.”  The crash at the door followed her as she turned and ran to the other side of the kitchen to grab the phone from its receiver.  She dialed 911 and put the handset to her ear.  The line rang and the ensuing “911, please state the nature of your emergency,” came across the phone.  “Hello?  This is Denise Stuckert and we have a person trying to break our front door in.”  Her desperation showing in her voice.  “Ma’am, where are you?”  “We are at 2915 10th avenue, The Greenwood apartments, 28th floor, number 10.  He is wearing black clothes and has blonde hair.”  A resounding crash echoed through the apartment.  “Ma’am. We’re sending a unit over there right now, when we are done hang up and then call your building security.”  “Ok, please hurry.”  Denise hung up the phone without waiting for the word to, turned and ran to the other end of the kitchen.  She looked to the doorway where she saw light shining through cracks in the door as Will held his weight against the remains of the door.  “They’re on their way,” she called to Will.  Another crash as the man’s body slammed against the door, splinters coming off the door in a few long cracks.  He looked up at her for a moment and the fear in his eyes registered in her mind.  “Oh shit!  Security!”  She raced for the phone and dialed 0 to get the building desk.  “Main Desk.”  “I need security to apartment 2810 as soon as possible.”  Denise’s frantic words stumbled from her mouth in a ten word pile-up.  “Excuse me ma’am.  Could you repeat that?”  Denise took a breath and tried to compose herself as quickly as possible.  “I need security… apartment 2810… Now!”  Her words came quickly but spaced to give the person a moment to understand her urgency.  “Yes ma’am, they are on their way.  Do you need the police?”  “I’ve already called em.”  Denise slammed the phone into its cradle and ran to check on Will again.  “Security is on its way.”  “It’s fine now.  He just ran off.  The elevator opened up and he looked at who ever it was and ran off.  I haven’t looked out yet.”  His heavy breathing and sweat pouring from his brow showed of the physical strain he had been under.  “Baby, are you ok?  Come here, get away from the door.”  Denise walked to him and helped him from the floor where he had sank.  “Thanks.  Who the hell was that?  What the hell was that all about?”  He looked around him at the splinters on the rug, then to the door, his hand running down the cracks.  “Damn he fucked this door up.  What the hell was that?”  Will pulled his hand from the door and Denise could see it shaking noticeably.  “Come sit on the couch.  You look like you’re about to pass out.”  “Thanks.  I feel fine, just worn out.”  She helped him to the couch where he slumped onto the cushions.  A sudden knock at the door made them both jump.  Denise chuckled and rose to her feet and walked towards the remains of the front door.  “Hello?  Is anyone here?”  “Yes we’re here.”  “Is everything alright here?”  “It is now.  He ran off after someone startled him.  My husband’s in the living room.  He wore himself out holding the door from breaking inwards.”  “It’s ok Denise, I’m up.”  Will came around the corner and into the entryway.  “He tried to pick the lock, but I locked the deadbolt as he was about to unlock the doorknob.  After that he started ramming his shoulder into the door.  All I could do was stand on the inside and push as hard as I could against the inside of the door.”  “Sir, you’re lucky to have gotten away unharmed.  We always tell people not to take on an attacker.”  “You people are deranged!  So I’m to let someone kill me if that’s what they want?  So you’re saying that I shouldn’t protect myself and my family?”  “Sir that is what the police are for.”  Will’s exhaustion turned to rage and fueled the energy which burst forth.  “You need to leave right this moment.  If you don’t go down that elevator right now, the police will be doing more than taking a report.”  “Now you don’t speak to us…”  “You don’t protect us so get the FUCK out of here!”  Will’s body was shaking and Denise was holding his arm with all of her might.  “Will, stop this.  Get inside and wait for the police to get here.”  Denise was now beginning to get frantic.  The emotional rollercoaster that the day had been so far was almost more than she could take.  “I’m going inside.  If you get arrested, that’s your problem.”  She turned, releasing his arm, and walked back into the apartment.  The mostly destroyed front door slammed behind her with what little weight was left.  As she walked from the doorway she heard the elevator doors open and a police scanner blaring away.  “Thank god they’re here. I don’t need him getting arrested.”  Her mind raced as she walked into the kitchen.  She walked to a cupboard and pulled two wine glasses from the shelf.  As she lowered the glasses she thought, “I hope I need both glasses.”  Will looked up at the elevator to see two police officers step onto the carpeted hallway.  They walked down the hallway, their gear clinking and the leather creaking, as they passed the security guards they turned their heads in the opposite direction.  Will chuckled to himself as he watched them walk towards him.  “Thank God you’re here.  Those assholes wouldn’t be able to stop a shoplifter, none-the-less a criminal breaking into a home.  I wouldn’t have bought here had I known that the security was so damned lax.  One of these days they won’t stop a murder and will end up fired or worse, in jail for negligence.”  “Alright sir, calm down.”  Will looked at the police officers faces and then at each of their badges individually.  Rorker and Zalinski stood before Will and looked at the damaged door behind him.  Zalinski looked at Will directly and asked, “Ok sir, what happened here?”  Rorker walked up to the door and began inspecting the impact points.  “Well, we had just gotten home and my wife was locking the door.  She looked through the peephole and saw a man trying to open the door.  She got me and I went to the peephole and looked through.  The man was standing here using tools to pick the lock.  I watched the door unlock from the inside, so I locked the deadbolt.  He unlocked the door and tried it but I had locked the deadbolt when the doorknob was almost unlocked.  He tried opening the door but the deadbolt stopped him, so he backed up and ran and jumped against the door.  I saw him start to do it and I put my eight against the door to stop it from coming in.  My wife called 911 and then the building security.  He bashed away at the door until someone came out of the elevator and scared him away.  He went to the fire stairwell.”  “Alright, so he didn’t get inside?”  “No, he ran off.”  “What did this guy look like.”  “He was blonde, about my height, five ten or so, and he was wearing all black.”  “Do you have any idea who might’ve done this?”  “I couldn’t tell you.”  Rorker straightened up and turned to look at them.  “Nothing here to identify anyone.  Looks like you’re just gonna have to be careful.”  Zalinski shot Rorker a disapproving glance and said, “We’ll talk to the desk down stairs.  Security cameras will have caught him coming into or leaving the building.  You’ll need a new door, so you should get someone here as soon as possible to get this replaced.”  He then pulled out his notebook and began writing on the page.  He looked up at the door, then back to the pad and more scribbling.  Will shifted his weight uncomfortably against the wall and waited for the police to finish.  “Why don’t you go inside sir and call the desk regarding the replacement of your door.  Meanwhile we’re going to go check the security cameras, we’ll be back after a while.”  The policemen turned and walked to the elevator leaving Will hunched against the wall.  “Thanks guys.”  Will turned to the door and pushed lightly, to which the door replied sharply.  The crash of the door hitting the wall brought Denise running from the kitchen.  “Are you okay?  What happened?”  “Nothing.  I just touched the door and it slammed open.  The police are going to go look at the security tapes and then be back in a while.”  “We really should call and get that fixed.”  She walked back to the kitchen and emerged with two glasses of red wine.  She walked to where Will had plopped on the couch and handed him a glass.  “Does this mean we’re alcoholics if we’re drinking wine before noon?”  Denise looked at Will who replied with a simple shrug of the shoulders.  “It’s only five minutes to noon.  We can make it last that long at least.”  She smiled at Will who looked rather worn out, sitting on the couch with his head on a pillow beside him.  “That’s fine.  Whatever.  You want to call the desk and find out about getting the door replaced?”  “I guess.  What exactly should I ask?”  “Find out if they’re goin to take care of the door, or if we need to.”  “Okay.”  Denise turned to walk to the kitchen phone.  “I hope they’ll take care of it.  I really don’t feel like doin much now.”  She walked to the kitchen and picked up the phone dialing the number for the desk.  “Main desk.”  “Yes, this is Denise Stuckert in 2810.  We had an incident this morning and we need to have our front door replaced and the frame fixed.  Do you take care of that?”  “Ma’am, we’re speaking with the police at the moment, but as soon as they are finished we will take care of it for you.”  “Do you know about how long it’ll be?”  “Probably about two hours before someone will be there to work on it.  We’ll call and let you know.”  “Thank you.”  Denise hung up the phone and walked to the living room to tell Will the good news.  She got to the end of the couch and saw Will in the same position she left him except he was now asleep, glass empty and teetering in his limp hand it dangled off the edge of the couch cushion.  Denise took the wine glass and walked to the kitchen sink.  She washed the glass and let it sit to dry on a paper towel on the counter.  Being that Will was asleep that meant she had to wait for the repair person.  Box after box, she pulled and unwrapped dishes and cookware, setting them out on the counter and in cupboards.  The only sounds in the apartment were those of the dishes clinking together and of Will’s gentle snore from the couch.  The knock came suddenly startling Denise who looked down to her watch, “Shit, it’s 1:45.”  She walked towards the living room calling out, “Coming.”  She got to the front door and opened it to see two repairmen.  “Hello ma’am.  I’m Frank and this is Gianni.  We were called regarding your door here.  So, what happened?”  Frank’s subtle Italian accent matched more to Gianni’s appearance than his own.  “Hi Frank, Gianni.  We had a person try to break in a few hours ago.  We had just gotten home and the guy tried to get in.  He ended up trying to ram the door down with his shoulder with my husband on the inside trying to hold the door up.”  “Damn, sounds wild.  Well, it looks like we’re gonna have to do some major repairs here to the frame.  The deadbolt broke the wood here, the hinges ripped and tore the frame here and here.”  His pointing slightly annoyed Denise.  “I’m not that dumb and blind,” she thought to herself.  “So, it looks like it’s gonna be a couple a hours ta get this fixed for ya.”  “Well, the sooner the better.  Today’s our first day in the apartment so I’m going to be unpacking inside.  If you need anything just yell.”  “Sure thing ma’am.”  Frank turned, and with Gianni in tow, walked to the elevator.  “We’ll be back up in a minute with yer new door ma’am.”  “Thank you.”  She walked inside and closed the remains of the door behind her.  She walked to the living room to find Will sitting up on the couch looking at her questioningly.  “Well?  I just woke up so I didn’t hear much of it.  They’re getting the new door?”  “Yeah, they’ll be back up in a few minutes, then they’ll get it taken care of.  I guess it broke the frame where the hinges and deadbolt are.  They said it might take a couple hours to get all fixed.”  “Mm-k.” Will slid his butt to the edge of the couch and stretched, “so we should prolly get started unpacking then huh?”  “I have most everything unpacked in the kitchen, except a few of the larger pots and pans.  Most of it just needs to be put away.”  “I was thinking about unpacking the entertainment center.  I need some music on.  It’s way to quiet in here.”  “Please. The last couple hours have been a little tedious with no music.  The time did fly by though.”  Will set to work setting up the electronics and speakers, “What d’ya wanna listen to?”  From the kitchen Will hears, “Anything.  As long as there’s tunes.”  Will rummaged in a box and produced a binder case full of CDs.  The cover flipped open and the pages blurred by as he scanned each page for the familiar look of the CD he had in mind.  The front door swung open and crashed against the wall.  Will jumped to his feet and walked to the entryway.  Denise met him at the intersection, “That them?”  ”Sorry bout that.”  Gianni was standing in the doorway with a cordless drill in his hand ready to remove the door.  “That’s okay.”  Will stood and watched the two men work on the door for a while, and becoming bored he sat back down to the CD case.  He reached the end of the pages, pulled another case from the box and begins flipping through its pages.  Finding the CD, Will plugs in the electronics and speakers to the receiver.  Ten minutes later he completes the temporary wiring job and speaker placement.  “You ready babe?”  His call aimed at the kitchen masked by that of the power tools being used in the entryway.  There is no response from Denise so he stands up and walked to the kitchen.  “You ready?  It’s all hooked up good enough.”  Will walked to the entertainment center and turned the power on to everything.  The music started hard and heavy and sounded very good to Will’s ears, considering the rushed job.  “Sounds good.  The sub is on right?”  Denise had moved closer to Will and stood looking at the blank T.V. screen listening to the music.  Looking at her watch Denise tells Will, “2:30 right now.  You hungry at all?”  “Nah, not really.  I’m just wanting to get the living room setup then I’ll start on the bedroom.  The next couple of hours are spent rearranging furniture, sorting, organizing, and sipping glasses of wine.  “Hello?!”  Will walked out of the bedroom to the call of the repairman.  “Yes?”  Will walked to the front door.  “We’re all done sir.  Here are your new keys, one set is the doorknob, and the other set is the deadbolt.  The cops told us the guy picked the door lock, so we put in a new one with tumblers that can’t be turned except with a key.”  “Thanks guys.”  Will inspected the new door and repair work.  “It looks good.  Is this door stronger than the last one?”  His knock on the door returning a dull thud.  “Yeah, we went ahead and threw one of our heavy ones in.  This puppy is solid core.  You shouldn’t have anyone breaking this door in.”  “Well, again, thanks you guys.  I really appreciate it.”  Will reached into his pocket and produced his wallet.  He opened it to pull out two twenty dollar bills and handed one to Frank and one to Gianni.  “Thanks sir.  You have a good day.”  They picked up their tools and walked to the elevator.  Will turned and tried the keys in the locks to make sure they worked.  He looked at his watch which read 4:45pm.  “You hungry at all?”  Will startled Denise as she was hunched over looking under the bed.  “Shit Will.  Don’t scare me like that.”  She sat up and turned to look at him.   “I guess so.  We’re gonna have to go out.  We haven’t got anything in the fridge.”  “There’s always delivery,”  Will offered, “It is the city.  We have shit loads of choices.”  “Now we have a nice new door and better locks too.  They put in a solid core door.  You should feel the weight to the thing.  I guess we have a new lock that can’t be picked from what Frank said.”  Will reached his hand out to help Denise to her feet.  “I need to get ready before I can go anywhere.”  “I need a shower and all that too.”  Denise walks to the bedroom and Will the front door.  He locks the deadbolt and the door knob, turns and walks to the bedroom.  Denise is rummaging through boxes of clothes hunting for her outfit to wear.  Will walks to the dresser and opens the drawers, he pulls socks, underwear, pants, and a t-shirt.  Denise watches as he lays the clothes on the bed, chuckles and says, “I wish it was that simple for me.  Two minutes and you’ve decided what to wear.  Men.”  She shakes her head in disgust, turning to another box full of clothes.  “I’m jumpin’ in the shower first, give you a chance to figure out what yer gonna wear.  We’re not going anywhere fancy, so it shouldn’t be that hard to decide.”  “Yeah yeah.  Just get in the shower.”  Will closed the door to the bathroom to retain a little heat and turned on the water in the shower.  Denise sat in the middle of the walk-in closet with clothes splayed out all around her. Her brow wrinkled in frustration as she lingered over two blouses, one a periwinkle, the other a maroon.  She finally stood and in disgust threw the two blouses out of the closet onto the bedroom floor.  She pried open another box and found a part of her shoe collection.  She dragged the box to the back of the closet and tipped it upside down.  The shoes piled onto the floor, spilling onto the clothes strewn about the floor.  She rummaged through the shoes for a while finally finding three pairs of shoes.  Out the door and onto the floor they went, one at a time.  “OWW!  Watch it!”  Will yelled from the bedroom, shoes careening off his shin and toes.  “Sorry baby,” she called out to him.  Will stuck his head in the closet and surveyed the chaos, “You still haven’t decided?”  “Everything is still packed so I don’t know where anything is at anymore.  I’ve had to rummage through it all.”  “The shower’s all yours.”  “K, thanks.  I’ll get in in a minute.”  “I bet,” Will winked at her then withdrew his head from the closet and put his clothes on.  He was in the bathroom combing his hair when she walked in ready to shower.  “I’ll be in the office setting up the computers.  Try not to take a long time please.  I’m getting pretty hungry now.”  “Alright, I’ll hurry.”  Denise stripped naked and climbed in the shower, closing the curtain behind her.  “Where do you wanna eat?  I’m in the mood for a Chinese buffet or something oriental.”  No answer came from the shower.  Will figured she had her head under the water, finished up with his hair and went to the kitchen for a glass of wine.  He poured a full glass and walked to the office.  He turned left into the office and turned to close the door, stopping when he looked across the hall at the second bathroom.  Through the open door he could see an old claw foot cast-iron bathtub.  He set his glass of wine down on one of the desks and walked into the bathroom.  He bent down and looked underneath the bathtub.  There was an object lying in the back corner behind and below the tub.  Will reached with all he could but came up short.  He went to the kitchen and grabbed the broom.  He walked back to the bathroom and used the handle of the broom to fish out the object.  He pulled the thing out to the point he could reach it and then picked it up in his hand.  He looked at the small flat rock, no larger than a dollar coin, as he rolled it in his hand he felt grooves on one side.  He looked down at the rock and noticed it had markings on one side.  “What the hell is this?” He mumbled to himself as the rock slipped and flipped in his hand.  He turned it so the markings were facing up and he turned the light switch on above his head for better light.  He peered at the stone in bewilderment.  The markings had to have some kind of significance, their form being very deliberate.  A circle with symbols inside of it and four markings, one on each quarter, the shape of the crescent moon.  He looked up to see Denise in the door way with just a towel on her head.  “What’s that?”  “I’m not sure, aside from it being a rock, it has markings etched into it.  Here.”  He threw the rock to her which  bounced off her bare skin and hit the floor.  She bent over to pick it up, at which Will briskly walked towards her naked form.  His cold hand slid across the skin of her butt cheek, to which she replied with a dramatic shiver.  Goosebumps forming in a wave along her skin in response to his touch.  “Shall we christen the new apartment now?”  Her hand toyed with a nipple as the other hand played with the rock.  “If you would have said something before I would have waited getting dressed.”  His smile trailed off as he realized that, “It’s gonna have to be later cause we have to go buy and pay for the storage.”  Denise shrugged and walked to the bedroom to ready herself.  Will went back to the office and began un-boxing the  computer parts.  He had just finished emptying the second box when Denise was at the door.  “I’m ready.  Where should we eat?”  “Lets go, we can talk on the way.”  They headed for the front door, stopping to get keys, money, and cell phone.  Will stepped to the door and put his eye to the peephole.  He unlocked the door and they  stepped out into the hallway.  The door closed and Will locked both locks and tested the door.  The elevator doors opened and they stepped in, pushing the button for the ground floor.  As the elevator began moving Will looked to Denise, “We should see if the cops found anything out.”  “Yeah, they were supposed to come back and let us know what they found.  We’ll check at the desk.”  The elevator stopped and the doors opened, the people waiting for the elevator stepped aside and let them out.  They walked up to the main desk and waited in line behind two people.  They go to the counter and Will asked, “We were wondering if the police had found anything out from the security.  We’re the Stuckerts.  Apartment 2810.”  The woman behind the counter’s name tag read Julie and Will watched as it moved with her breathing.  “Sir, they left an hour ago.  I can check with security and see if they know anything.”  “If you could.”  She picks up the phone and dials a number.  They watch and listen as she asks security.  “Sir, they say the police did get good views of the man and they took a copy of the tape to their people who are going to try to id the man.”  “Ok, so I guess we just wait for them to contact us?”  “You could sir, or you could call the precinct every few days to ask for an update.”  “Thanks Julie.  I have one more question for you.”  “Sure, what d’you need?”  “Where’s a good Chinese buffet?”  Julie replied, “Try Shen Wa’s down the street.  They’re close and pretty good.  You can walk to it if you want.  Go out the front doors and turn right on the sidewalk.  Walk down to the corner, go across the street, and the next shop in from the corner is Shen Wa’s.”  “Thanks.  Have a good afternoon.”  “Thanks, you too.”  They walked out the front door and followed Julie’s instructions.  They stood at the crosswalk for a minute waiting for the light to change colors, and watched the mass of vehicles trying to squeeze through the intersection.  They crossed the street and stopped to look in the mini-mart on the corner.  It looked to be a Pakistani run store.  It was brightly lit with the standard convenience signs and lights.  They stepped past the store and in the front door of Shen Wa’s.  The door shut behind them and they took a few steps inside.  A young women stood at a podium, waiting to seat people.  Her almond complexion and flowing black hair, complimented her strikingly beautiful features.  Will looked discerningly at the woman.  Denise caught his look and jabbed her thumb in his side.  “No.  Not yet.  Not till we’re moved in completely.”  His eyes widened and he looked at her astonished.  “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?  Truly?”  “Yeah, we’ll talk more about it, but she is the one for sure.”  Her lips brushed his ear as she whispered into his ear.  She let go of his head and watched his stunned look of surprise as the young woman ask them, “Can I help you?”  Her very gentle accent just intensified the fires of passion that Denise had helped flame within Will.  “Table for two for the buffet, please.”  Denise spoke for the both of them since Will was apparently incapable at the moment.  “Sure thing.  Right this way.”  She picked up a drinks menu and a ticket and walked to a booth by the window.  Will watched every movement of the woman as she walked in front of them.  Denise could feel his lust radiating from him.  Her desires were kicking in as well and she could feel herself getting warmer.  They sat at the table and the woman set their ticket and drinks menu down in front of them.  “Your waitress will be over in a moment.”  Denise glanced at Will and then back to her, “Excuse me, what’s your name?”  “Mine?”  The woman was a little bit stunned.  “My name’s Kathleen.”  She turned quickly and walked back to her podium to await another customer.  “Yeah.  She looks good.  Once we get things in order we will see about working on her a bit.”  Denise watched as her words processed in Will’s head.  His dawning realization of what exactly his wife was saying.  “So does that mean that you’ll be doing the talking and arranging of this little encounter?”  Will was still to shocked to change his expression of amazement.  “What do you want to drink?  Check out the drinks menu.”  Denise flipped the menu from one side to another trying to decide what she wanted.  “I just want a beer.  Tsing-tao if they have it.”  “I think I’ll just have a soda from the fountain.”  Their waitress stepped to their table, “Can I get you anything to drink?”  Will looked to her and said, “I want a Tsing-tao, and we’re both having the buffet.”  “Yes sir, I’ll have it waiting for you at the table when you return.  You may go to the buffet now if you like.”  “Thank you.”  They both stood and walked to the buffet line.  Each piling their plate with a variety of food.  They went to the table and Will sat down and moved his beer aside.  Denise set her plate on the table and walked over to get a drink.  She returned as Will was beginning eating.  “This place is pretty nice.  The food is great so far.”  The words muffled by the food in his mouth.  “I only caught part of that, but I assume that it’s good.”  Will gave her a thumbs up in agreement.  They both finished off their first plates and were readying for a second.  “Crab puffs and crab legs is all I want next.”  “That was great watching your eyes glaze as you said that.  And your right too.  That does sound good.  Let’s see if we can clean ‘em out.”  Denise chuckled and smiled as they rose to get more food.  As they raided the crab legs, other customers showed little pleasure in watching the two take the majority of the crab.  Legs spilling off of plates, they carefully maneuver their way back to their table.  “You wanna get butter or you want me to?”  Will asked Denise as they set their plates on the table.  “I’ll get it.  Go ahead and start cracking those legs open.  I’ll be back in a minute.”  “Works for me.”  Denise walked to the buffet area again and Will started nimbly cracking the crab legs and piling the meat on one plate and the shells on another. She reappeared quickly and set the dishes of butter on the table, an empty plate sliding in next to the crab legs.  “Thanks for cracking mine too.”  Denise picked up a large crab leg and broke it in half, little drops of water splattering both of them.  “Nice one.  A little more careful next time, huh?”  Will wiped the water from his face and continued on with the legs in front of him.  In minutes the two plates of crab legs was reduced to a few cups of crab meat piled on one plate.  Two plates sat spilling pieces of crab shell onto the table, waiting for a bus person to come by and pick them up.  Will eyeballed half of the meat and slid it of the plate onto a plate in front of Denise.  “MMM!  I’m so hungry for the crab now.  Seems like I’ve been waiting forever all of a sudden.”  “You gonna need more butter or you think this is enough?”  Denise dunked a piece of crab into the butter, “Probably.  Just to be safe.  Actually if you wanted, you could get more legs…”  She put on a pout and gave him little puppy dog eyes.  “Alright, fine.  I’ll get another plate full.”  Will filled the plate extra full on this trip and with the butter in hand, he walked towards the table.  Denise turned as she heard sound, just in time to watch will trip and fall directly forward.  He has the plate in his right hand and as he falls, Denise catches the plate from his hand as he hits the floor.  The dish of butter hit the floor and bounced, fortunately away from Will’s face.  The major problem comes in now with the problem of who the butter did douse.  Will opened his eyes and climbed to his feet, Denise helping him with her hand.  Will turns to see where the butter dish went and he caught sight of it under the table across the isle, two pairs of legs showing underneath.  Will continued to move his gaze from the feet and legs to the chest and neck.  Denise watched Will’s face as he turned and looked into the furious eyes of a darker skinned man.  His thin mustache capping his upper lip looked to be painted on, Will’s observations kept ringing in his head to the point he could only hear his own internal laughter.  “Excuse me, but what am I to do now?  I have butter all over my pants and, ohh shit, it’s in my shoe.”  The man’s voice held a strong middle eastern tone, and his voice cracked upon the “excuse”.  “Sir, I’m very sorry about that.  It was an accident.  I tripped over something and I kinda feel lucky to be ok.  That could’ve hurt way worse.”  “You need to be watching where you doing.  That butter is going to stain isn’t it?  Damn it.  Always before a client.”  “Sir please accept my apologies. Again it was an accident.”  “Whatever.  Just let me eat my meal in peace.”  “Whatever,”  Will mimicked as he sat down and looked across the table at Denise.  As soon as their eyes met, they both burst into huge rolling laughter.  Tears formed in their eyes, they laughter more.  The tears rolled down their cheeks, they laughed harder.  The man sat talking to his female companion in a hushed voice, glaring at them every so often, then turn back and whisper again.  The two laughed until it trailed off on its own, wiping tears from their eyes, Denise holding her stomach.  “Oww, I’ve got a cramp now.  Shit I haven’t laughed that hard in a while.  Whew.  I needed that.”  “Yeah that was a nice stress release.”  Will wiped a few final tears from his eyes and looked down at the plate of legs.  “Wow, I’d forgotten about these for a minute.”  He grabbed a couple of large legs and started breaking them apart.  The meat sliding out easily, the shells were on the pile in moments.  The plate finished, they looked at each other and sighed with satiated smiles.  “You want another beer?”  “Nah, I’m to full now.  Maybe we can go find a bar and see what some night life is like.”  “I wanna go back to the apartment first though.”  Kathleen walked over with their bill and laid it on the table.  Denise set her napkin down, put her hand on Kathleen’s and said to her, “Your skin is so amazing.  I’m Denise and this is my husband Will.  We just moved here to the city and live just across the street and wonder if you might ever want to hang out.  We wanna meet some new people and if you work here then you might live nearby.  So I just kinda thought that it might be cool to get to know each other.”  Her hand slid off of Kathleen’s whose eyes were looking at her hand under Denise’s the entire time.  She looked up at Denise, then at Will, her hands held in front of her.  “I work all the time.  I don’t do much.”  “Can I give you our number?  If you want to ever hang out or just sit and watch TV with us, whatever, give us a call.”  Denise pulled a pen from her pocket and took the meal ticket, tore a piece off and wrote their numbers on the back.  She handed it to Kathleen who read it, then put it into her pocket.  “What days do you have off?  We don’t work so we are always around.”  “I work every day, but I am off work every night at nine.”  “That sounds good.  It’s 6:45 now, so you wanna give us a call in a couple hours and we can go to a bar maybe?  I heard about this one that sounds really wild.  It’s called The Brink, and it’s a roller rink and a rotating bar.”  “Yes I’ve heard.”  “Well, we can talk more if you do decide you’d like to go.  We’re heading back to our place.”  Will pulled out his wallet and laid thirty five dollars on the table and they stood to leave.  Kathleen walked back to the podium with Will and Denise in tow.  As they walked past Kathleen, Denise turned and said, “Don’t forget to call.”  Will opened the front door and Denise walked through.  Will turned and glanced back to see Kathleen staring in his direction, at which his blood began to boil.  He let the door close and stepped to catch up with Denise.  “What the hell was that?  I thought you said once we’re settled in you would go for it.  Shit woman.”  Will’s exasperated look was all Denise needed.  As they stood at the corner waiting for the light to change, Will became aware of the glow emanating from his wife.  She stood next to him just so proud of herself and full of self confidence.  The light changed and as they walked Will kept glancing in her direction.  They entered the front door of their building and walked to the desk.  Julie saw them and waived them to the counter.  “The police called and left a message for you to call them regarding the attempted break-in.  Here’s their number.”  “Thanks Julie.”  Will took the paper and they walked to the elevator.   Waiting at the elevator for the doors to open, Will looks at the paper, “Please call Sgt Osteen at 595-3421”, and puts it into his pocket.  They ride the elevator to their floor and get out into the hallway.  The new door stands out against the rest of the hallway even though they are the last apartment in the hall.  Will unlocks the new door and they enter the house through the door for the first time.  “I need to call Sgt Osteen and see what they’ve found out.”  “Cool, I’m curious to know if they found anyone.”  Denise walked to the kitchen phone and walked it to Will.  He took the number out of his pocket and went to the living room to call.  Denise sat on the couch next to him as he dialed.  “Sergeant Osteen.”  “Hi, this is Will Stuckert returning your call.”  “Mr. Stuckert, thank you for calling.  We took a copy of the security films from the building and have been able to identify the man who tried to break into your home.  He lived on the west side, we were able to apprehend him this afternoon.  Tomorrow we would like it if you could come to the station to see if he matches the person from what you saw.”  “Absolutely sir.  We’ll be there.  What time would you like us to arrive?”  “Whenever you get here.  He isn’t going anywhere.”  The Sergeant chuckled to himself about himself and said, “Sometime in the morning should be fine.”  “Alright, we’ll see you in the morning then.  Thank you very much for catching this man.”  “I’m glad we were able to identify him.  You have a good night.”  “You too. Bye.”  The phone went dead as the Sergeant hung up the phone.   Will sat in stunned silence for a moment then, “I guess I’ll go and finish setting up the computers.  We have the internet right?”  “Yeah, the internet is DSL again and I have the setting info on a piece of paper in the office.  It’s with all the other paper work.”  “Ok, thanks, I think.  What’re you gonna do till she’s off work?”  “I’m going to go busy myself in the closet putting clothes away.  I have boxes of things to go through and sort, fold, and wash any of the dirty musty smelling things.  I did just throw everything into the boxes as we rushed around the last few days.”  “Whatever, just go ahead, I’m gonna put on some music out front, so keep a phone near you.”  “Of course, like I would let the phone go?”  “You’re really excited about this aren’t you?”  “Just a little bit,” she bit her lip, “Ok, a lot.  There’s just something about her that I can’t get over.  I think it’s the Asian.”  “Heh heh, I’m glad to see you getting so worked up over this.  Even if she doesn’t come with us tonight, I can count on you coming for sure.”  Will chuckled and slapped Denise on her butt.  Denise noted the intensity in his slap and let it sit at that, she turned and walked to the bedroom.  Will spent the next hour and a half setting up monitors, printers, keyboards, and the like. The computers turned on and a triumphant Will sat back in his chair watching the monitors come to life.  Now loomed the massive task of installing the DSL software and getting the network setup in the office.  Will looked at his watch, 8:45.  He stood from the office chair and walked to the bedroom to check on Denise.  He poked his head in the closet to see her folding clothes into piles.  The entire floor was covered with piles of stacks of clothes all neatly folded.  “It’s 8:45 babe.  Break time?”  “Yeah I guess so.  It’s not really that hard, just my lower back hurts.”  Denise stood and walked to the bed to take a seat.  She plopped down onto the bed and looked at Will.  “Do you have the phone?”  “No, it’s back in the kitchen on the receiver.  Why, you want it close to you or something?”  “Since you put it that way, ok fine, yes I do want it close.”  “You think she’s gonna call?  Seems a little bit of a stretch to think that a hot woman like her would just go hang out with us after the introduction that we had at the restaurant.”   “What’s so bad about tonight?  I thought it went well.  She looked like she didn’t have an opinion at the moment to me.”  “Whatever you say, I still think it’s a bit of a stretch.  But we’ll see in a little bit.”  Will looked at his watch again, 8:54.  “We got up to fifteen minutes if she is gonna call.  She’ll have to finish up and clock out and all that.  I’ll go get it though.”  He walked out of the room and Denise stood up to check her appearance in the mirror on the wall.  She straightened her top and retightened her hair.  She walked to the bathroom and closed the door behind her.  Will  had walked to the kitchen and picked up the phone from it’s base, he turned to the counter and flipped through the pile of papers lying next to Denise’s keys.  His eyes flitted over the text not really reading, just looking at what was on the page.  Rather distractedly he turned and walked to the living room where he sat on the couch and hit buttons on the remotes to turn on the stereo.  The music continued on in the background, Will’s mind was running over the possibilities that lay before him.  Situation to situation his mind flits steadily onwards.  He stands up and walks to the window to look across at the building next to them.  The lights shined out from behind countless blinds and drapes.  Square and rectangular frames of light, eyes to the soul of the building, shining in the pseudo dark of the city night.  “I wonder if one of those windows is Kathleen’s?”  His muttered words slid out on his breath, barely loud enough for his own ears to hear.  He turned from the window and walked to the bedroom, checking his watch as he passed the office, 9:04.  He entered the bedroom and saw the bathroom door shut, so he tossed the phone on the bed and plopped down next to it.  He laid his head back and stared at the ceiling, with a large sigh he leaned back on his elbows.  He heard the toilet flush and the water in the sink come on.  He looked back at the bathroom as the door opened, “So are we going to go sometime soon?  It’s a little bit of a drive if I’m right.”  “Alright, alright I’ll finish up and we can go.”  She went to the closet and slid in amongst the piles.  Emerging from the den of the lost cloth, Denise put on the coat she had went in for.  “I’m ready.  Plus, I gave her my cell phone number as well.”  She smiled at Will as she walked by the bed and headed for the front door.  Will’s face stayed placid until she was out of the room.  He jumped off the bed and danced a jig as he thought of Kathleen having their cell numbers.  Stopping his jig, Will looked in the mirror and noted his ridiculous position, dropped his head and shook it in amazement as he walked after Denise.  As he walked the hallway he turned the lights off in each room, stopping at the couch to turn the stereo off.  He went to the windows and dropped the blinds out of habit.  “You don’t have to close them here.”  Denise was leaning against the corner of the wall by the entryway.  “I know.  Force of habit.”  He continued to close the blinds, “  
